Contents





Dedication

Title Page

Copyright

Chp. 1

Chp. 2

Chp. 3

Chp. 4

Chp. 5

Chp. 6

Chp. 7

Chp. 8

Chp. 9

Chp. 10

Chp. 11

Chp. 12

Chp. 13

Chp. 14

Chp. 15

Chp. 16

Chp. 17

Chp. 18

Chp. 19

Chp. 20

Chp. 21

Chp. 22

Chp. 23

Chp. 24

Chp. 25

Chp. 26

Chp. 27

Chp. 28

Chp. 29

Chp. 30

Chp. 31

Chp. 32

Chp. 33

Chp. 34

Chp. 35

Chp. 36

Epilogue

Authors Note





Special Thanks:



The one and only Miss N.

Tom Shutt, I miss your humor and willingness to deal with my insanity with a smile.



Thanks to my Readers(In no order):

Steve LoBue

Austin Youngblood

Michael Haglund

Darrok

Ray J

Sawyer

Clifford Peer

Kevin Ko

Roland Jackson

Dominik Kopec

Daniel C. Lynch

Bacon

Raymond Jeffries

Tom Weaver

Albus Yanchovich

Joseph M. Nichols

Matt Leugers

John Doe

Tim S.

Zachary Johnson

Robert M.

Bill Street

Zek Spicey





Wild Wastes

Eastern Expansion

-Slave Harem Series-





By Randi Darren





Copyright © 2017 Randi Darren

Cover design © 2017 Randi Darren

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by an electronic or mechanical means - except in the case of brief quotations embodied in articles or reviews - without written permission from its publisher.

The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.

Copyright © 2017 Randi Darren

All rights reserved.





Chapter 1



Vince sat upright, taking a sudden deep breath. His eyes darted around, his brain struggling to catch up.

The fog slowly cleared from his mind. Setting his head back to the wall, he felt his mouth turn up into a small smile.

He was in the school. All around him were desks and chairs of various sizes.

Being such a mixed community his carpenters had built a vast array of chair types to accommodate any race’s progeny.

He’d been doing a walk-through to see how things were going. He’d gotten curious about the progress of the school.

That curiosity more than likely stemmed from traveling in the west, doing another round of purchases and sales.

Vince had joined the class, sat down, and propped himself against the warm glass. The sun shone on his back as he listened to the deep, gentle drone of Crus the Centaur teaching the history lesson for the day.

History was interesting to him, but they were covering a story he’d heard previously in his life. A history lesson for kindergartners about how the Waste came into existence.

He’d managed to stay awake as they discussed the experiments that ripped open the world and created the Wastes. It was about the time that the crusades were being launched that he’d slipped into slumber.

Standing up he shook his head.

More tired than you thought, fool.

“A good number of the school children wanted to sleep next to you, Master,” Eva said. She was a few feet from him, sitting against the wall. “Crus managed to convince them to go to their next lesson.”

Vince nodded his head and then yawned. Stretching his arms above his head it felt like his jaw was going to unhinge. “Did I sleep long?”

“Long enough, Master, for the Dryads to come sniffing you out. I drove Daphne and Meliae off, but if Karya comes I do not think I can keep her back. She’s less likely to listen and far more persistent.”

Vince dropped his arms and nodded his head. “Yeah, she’d have me halfway undressed before she realized we weren’t alone.”

Looking down he gave himself the once over and found everything as it should be.

“Thanks, Eva. I appreciate it.” Vince pressed a hand to his neck and worked it to one side with a satisfying pop. “Where are your sisters? I should probably check in with Elysia.”

Eva smiled faintly at that and then got to her feet.

She twisted to one side, stretching her lithe athletic body in ways that only an Elf could look graceful in doing. Then, with a toss of a brown braid over her shoulder, she looked to him with warm eyes

“My sisters are waiting for you outside. I believe they’re sparring.”

Eva had been the one most resistant to the idea that she could ever truly be familial with other races of elves. Her Wood Elf heritage set her at fatalistic odds with other Elves. That’d changed some six and a half months ago during the battle of Yosemite City.

Since then, she’d been nothing if not a caring little sister, being the youngest of the three.

“Ha, she getting any better?” Vince shook his arms out, then started for the door.

“She could probably keep someone back long enough that one of us could get to her, Master.” Eva ghosted into place beside him, taking up the position on his left.

Vince found himself smirking at the idea of the High Elf wielding a blade. Thera and Eva had both browbeaten her into the training.

For her own safety.

Being a mage was well and good, but knowing a sword in addition would only be a help.

Personally, he suspected they just wanted her to spend more time with them. From his own view point, Elves were fiercely loyal to what they viewed as theirs.

Home, hearth, and family.

Stepping outside of the school Vince took in a deep breath. The air was clean, brisk, and with a bite to it. Winter was fading, and soon, the Wastes would be open to travel again.

Need to start planning that trip. Before they send another contingent of “diplomats” to come talk to us. Don’t really need to house another group of snooty High Elves. Kitch damn near ate them last time.

Elysia and Thera both turned in place from where they were working. Elysia looked like she’d been going through her footwork with Thera’s expert advice. She insisted on giving her personal instruction.

Where Eva was tanned, short of height, and brown eyed, Elysia was tall, blonde, pale, and blue eyed.

Thera was of course their contrast, being ashen skinned, black haired with black eyes, and had a height that was in the middle ground.

One could never mistake them as anything other than Elves though.

Both women paused in sparring and began to make themselves ready to leave.

Vince gave them a tired smile as he approached, looking from one to the other.

“So much for taking a tour to see how everything is,” Vince said apologetically.

Elysia glanced up at him as she settled her ledger under one arm, then gave him a crooked grin. “Have no fear, my liege, we’ve already completed the tour on your behalf.”

“Indeed, Lord, all is as it should be. You need not worry,” Thera said, checking the catch over her sword after sheathing it.

“Oh? Wonderful, give me the short version?” Vince asked as he turned back to look at the school.

It was an impressive building to be sure. Built while he was away, it’d taken on a life of its own.

Not really a school, is it.

Built in a fashion more similar to a mansion with multitudes of classes, labs, and libraries, it was a massive building.

His carpenters and masons had outdone themselves, stating that it would be the place the young of generations would learn. So they needed to make a place that would survive generations.

“Frit reports that everything is on track. He’ll be ready for the next batch of recruits as well, Lord,” Thera said, her wrists crossing behind her back. “Henry reports the same, though he mentioned he’s put in a requisition for a mock battle. He’d like to have his people do a run on Frit’s.”

Vince nodded at that. It wouldn’t be a bad idea. They’d have to have the Dryads and Elves on hand for medical duty when it ended. Deaths simply wouldn’t be likely with blunted wooden weapons. Broken bones, cuts, and other horribleness would definitely be a problem though.

“Alright. What are you three’s thoughts on that?” Vince turned from the school and began walking to the east at a sedate pace. The road lead onward, away from the “school” grounds.

“Wait for the next batch of recruits to be trained up. That way we can plan it accordingly and get the most return, Lord.”

“Master, I agree. It would be best to go ahead with it, but delay it.”

“From a magical standpoint, my Liege, it would be prudent to wait. It’ll give everyone time to charge up accordingly. Especially now that you’re not allowed to charge us all up as much as you used to.”

Vince felt a slight flutter in his stomach at the reminder.

A month ago, the trees living inside of him had been unable to power up the Elves to the same level that he used to.

Where before he could put them at a level that would have taken them a year to reach in minutes, he could only give them the equivalent of a month or two.

Meliae had explained it well enough, he just wished it wasn’t so.

In converting his three trees into a grove, he’d limited the amount of power that would be available to him. Though he significantly increased the resilience of the trees, the power to the Dryads, and their inherent strength.

From that point of view, it’s still worth it. Daphne is alive and well.

Sighing, Vince could only nod his head. Turning off the road that led to the school, he entered the city’s streets. Around him went to and fro the citizens of Yosemite.

His citizens.

Those who depended on him for guidance and the leadership to maintain their freedom.

They carried bundles, walked idly, or in a few cases, jogged to wherever their day was taking them.

None passed him without casting a look and a nod of acknowledgment. Everyone respected his wish that they only give him the barest of shows of respect when he wasn’t operating in an official capacity.

People had work to do, and having them bowing and scraping would only waste precious time.

“What else?” he asked, prompting someone to continue the debrief.

“Kitch reports her people are progressing with the Gryphons. It’s slow, but… it’s working, Lord. However, I’m not sure the investment time is worth it. It’s been months and they’ve had only the smallest amounts of success.”

Vince frowned and scratched at his cheek. He wasn’t sure what to say to that. He didn’t tame or train animals.

He had no patience for it.

“My Liege, I agree with my sister, but I would say that the time spent per each training will decrease. It’ll go down with each successive targeted generation. They’re pack animals and we’re using that to our advantage. Their life cycles are slow, but that’s where we’ve seen what success we have.”

“The first ones born in captivity?” Vince asked, not completely unaware of the irony.

“Yes. As we Elves have experienced first hand, my liege, being bred and born to something increases the results dramatically with each successive generation.”

“Alright. Anything else?” Vince turned at the intersection, his destination becoming clear to everyone. His own home was on the north end of the city.

Yosemite had been built up around it.

“Nothing that needs to be discussed at this time, my Liege. Everything else is exactly as you would expect.

“The only thing that needs to be done is the expedition into the Wastes to see the Verix tribe of High Elves. Though I suppose it’s more of a city state. If we could open trade with them, especially for food, that’d really help.”

Vince didn’t say anything at first. He didn’t really want to.

With so many new faces and citizens, their food was being stretched dangerously thin. Things weren’t looking like they’d get better in the immediate future either.

Long term we’re alright, short term it hurts.

I just wish it wasn’t Verix.

They’d annoyed him with their entrance. Their attack on him. How they conducted themselves. He honestly would have been happy to feed them to Kitch and her band.

But he had to think of the long term plan. And how relationships with their eastern neighbors could be a blessing or a curse.

Which meant an expedition trip to see the city of Verix and try to begin negotiations.

He wasn’t foolish enough to simply head into their city and start up a conversation, no. First would be a neutral area. A meeting between the two leading elements for each.

Per the original conversation with the ambassadors from Verix, it’d be a group of five from each group. The location would be in an open field south of Mono Lake in the Wastes.

Vince wasn’t one to play by the rules though. Not with people who started negotiations by attacking him.

Immediately after the ambassadors left, he set a trio of scouts on them.

A Ratfolk, a Wolfman, and a Fairy. The three would be able to watch their prey, their surroundings, and work during any hour.

They were under orders to track the Elves back to their city, then stake out the area the meeting would be held at. If there was nothing out of the ordinary, they’d be setting up and keeping an eye on the area. Should they find something that proved to be dangerous or dishonest, they were to return immediately.

He had no illusions about this situation. It would be beneficial, but it wasn’t needed.

“Alright. Do I need to do anything or have you already set up the expedition?” Vince asked, looking over to Elysia with a grin.

“Indeed I have, my liege. Eva and I will be accompanying you. As well as Daphne and Karya.

“Thera will remain to keep our family together and make sure Yosemite runs smoothly in our absence.”

He grunted at her list. It was pretty much everyone from his inner circle who could travel.

It’s not like Fes, Petra, or Meliae can go anywhere being as pregnant as they are.

Up ahead was a twelve foot high wall that ran the outer perimeter of what was his home. Rising up behind that wall, looming impressively, was his house.

Mansion now, really.

It’d been expanded to three times its original size, and he was fairly certain there were plans to expand it again once the next set of pregnancies had been figured out.

An entire squad of Frit’s people stood at the gate, while another several squads were spread out all along the wall on guard.

Frit took Vince’s security seriously.

The ranking squad member at the gate unlocked it and swung it open for him.

“Welcome home,” said the big Bearman in a growling voice.

Vince nodded his head in thanks and passed through the gates.

Arranged on the front porch were three very pregnant women.

Berenga sat in a chair on the deck, his Orc Fes, or first wife. A warrior who trained and lived each day on how she could improve her skills, build her clan’s strength, and add to her husband’s power.

Her black hair wasn’t pulled up in her standard warrior’s knot. Instead, it was gathered loosely behind her head and flowed down her back. Those dark black eyes pierced him through when she saw him, her lips forming a smile.

On the Orc’s right, in the position of Second, was Petra.

She was seated in a chair specially developed for her soldier-ant body. Due to her non-humanoid dimensions the carpenters had taken it on themselves to build something just for her.

The armor she usually wore had been put away months ago when she couldn’t fit into it anymore, and she’d let her blonde hair begin to grow out, pulling it into a ponytail. She gave him a quick glance with her blue eyes, acknowledging him, but returned her attention to the Dryads beside her.

The trio of Dryads resembled each other on some levels. They all possessed bodies that caught a man’s attention. They also shared a pair of green eyes that bore into a man’s libido and would stoke the desire of any. Beyond those traits, they differed quite a bit.

Daphne was the tallest, reaching Vince’s own six foot height, with blonde hair cut short. She had an hourglass frame though her shoulders were fairly broad. Her specialties were combat and controlling nature directly.

A step down on the height scale was Karya, who favored passive magic and understanding creatures. She was a curvy specimen of Dryad, with a bigger bust than either of the other two. Her hair was brown with light brown streaks and spilled down over her shoulders in smooth waves.

The shortest, though given a perfect hourglass figure, was Meliae. Her white silky hair was pulled back in a braid, and her smile was ever-present lately.

Meliae’s eyes caught him and stole him away, the greens of her irises slowly taking over the pupils with a faint glow.

There goes that sex magic that all Dryads seem to have.

In response, he could feel his body revving up immediately. Meliae never spared him and doused him with the sex mojo at every opportunity.

As if reading his mind, and his growing desire, she turned herself sideways to him.

Biting her lower lip, she pulled her chin down, almost peeking up at him through her eyelashes as she pressed her dress down to her body. The fabric clung to her and left nothing to Vince’s imagination. It emphasized her greatly swollen stomach and full heavy breasts.

As if to show off what he’d done to her. Being directly responsible for putting her in this condition.

Vince shook off the sexual fog she’d knocked him into when he damn near tripped over the first step.

“Glad to know your pregnant wives still drive you to distraction, Sweetling. We worry when you finally claim the Elves you’ll forget all about us,” Meliae said, her voice full of mischief.

“As if I’d forget any of you.” Vince grinned, stepping up onto the deck.

Fes levered herself up and came over to him, giving him a tight hug and a firm kiss. Her severe personality hadn’t been blunted in any way, but she was never afraid to show him affection as well as lust in public.

Releasing him she reached up and pressed a hand to his face. Looking down he laid a hand to her own stomach. Fes gave him the once over with her black eyes and then nodded her head, moving back to her chair.

Taking her own reward in her fashion, Petra stood and scooped Vince up with her first two legs. Then she pressed him into her human torso, crushing him with her arms.

“This one missed her master,” she whispered, pressing her face into his neck.

Unable to help himself, Vince laughed. Petra could manhandle him at her leisure, though she reserved it for when they were in the bedroom, or if her emotions built up.

“Missed you, too, my little soldier. Put me down before the Dryads try to hack me down.”

Vince gave her a tender kiss as she eyed him from an inch away.

“This one agrees. The Dryads have been acting up today. This one traded her night with Meliae so that they might calm down.” Petra set him down carefully, her hands brushing over his shoulders and chest as she did so.

A hand snagged his collar as his boots hit the ground and pulled him over.

Karya pulled his head down into her neck and hugged him tightly, running her fingers through his hair. Then she stole a kiss and passed him off to Daphne.

The big Dryad plastered him with a firm kiss, then handed him off to Meliae.

Who promptly buried herself in his arms and squirmed up against him. Getting comfortable, she laid her head down to his chest.

“You’re mine tonight, Sweetling. We have a special surprise for you, too. Since you’ll probably be leaving in a few days to head to the east,” Meliae whispered.

Vince smiled and patted his little Dryad on the back. More than all of them, she doted on him extensively. To the point of spoiling him. She’d also taken on the role as confidant and fence mender for the entire group.

“Be sure to shame me. I want to feel my cheeks burning with embarrassment for days. Make me scream so your pretty Elves hear it and wish it were them.

“Oh, or better yet, they can watch you use me. Unmake me and put me back together as your toy.

“Even better! They can watch nude, so I can watch them,” Meliae said, turning her head to face the Elves.

Nymph. Broken, Nymph.

Vince grinned as the other two Dryads nodded their heads eagerly in agreement. Their eyes flickering immediately as Meliae’s idea formed in their heads.

Broken Nymphs.





Chapter 2



Vince stared out at the city from his deck.

Everyone had dinner together and had retreated to whatever tasks they individually needed to complete.

Thera, Eva, Daphne, and Karya had gone back to their rooms to turn in for the night. Fes and Petra had done likewise, having been going to bed earlier as of late.

On his left was Elysia; on his right, Meliae.

All the nocturnal species that lived in the city started to move about. Going about whatever job or duty they had.

The Ratfolk were an especially well respected species in Yosemite. Much to their own surprise.

They fought with their compatriots in Frit’s ranks. In addition the Ratfolk performed all scouting functions assigned to them with great aplomb.

On the civil side, they scurried through the streets at night, clearing away trash, litter, and debris. The citizenry would pack up all their trash waste into wooden bins. These bins were collected by the Ratfolk, sifted for anything they wanted, anything that could be reused, repaired, or re-purposed, and they then happily burned the rest in a cave.

The soot and coal fragments were taken off for ink and pencils, the ash distributed into the plains west of the city.

Warriors by day, janitors by night.

Vince was watching as a swarm of Ratfolk carted off a horde of wooden bins to process and handle.

“The Ratfolk wanted me to convey their thanks again to you, my liege. They also reported another ten litters successfully birthed. All living and healthy. They’re going to slow down their population after this, of their own volition no less,” Elysia said, her eyes watching the Ratfolk as well.

“I see,” Vince said softly. “Elysia, I don’t think you should go on the trip with me.”

The High Elf sat up straight and turned to him. Before she could open her mouth he held up a hand.

“If I were to fall, you’re the only one I could trust to maintain the city without me. Only you. I can’t afford to take you with me this time. I just can’t.”

Elysia frowned, her brows drawing down dangerously. She opened her mouth and then closed it again. “Truly?” she asked finally.

“Truly. You need to start training up a replacement for yourself. There should never be a position with no redundancy. Think on it. I’ll take Karya, Eva, and Thera with me.

“Daphne will remain here to act as your bodyguard while I’m away. We’ll be fine with the four of us. I’ll take one of the scouts with me after we meet up with them.”

Elysia’s features began to slowly smooth out, her head dipping down. “I understand, my liege.”

“Sorry, Elysia. You’re too valuable to me to risk. Please understand it isn’t because I don’t trust you, or need you, it’s because I think so highly of you.”

The downbeat Elf nodded her head and then stood up. “Forgive me, I think I’d like to sleep now. Good night, my liege.”

“Sleep well, Ellie,” Meliae said to the Elf with a smile. “All will be alright.”

The Elf blinked and looked to the Dryad. With a nod of her head she left them.

“She worries. She fears you’ll claim Eva and Thera but not her on your return, Sweetling.” Meliae said, shifting her weight around in the chair. “And before you answer that, let me pose a situation to you.”

Vince closed his mouth, he’d been halfway to denying he’d be taking any of the Elves at all.

Seeing him waiting she gave him a warm smile. “Thank you.”

Sighing she rubbed a hand across her large stomach. Where Fes and Petra seemed to carry their added weight easily, Meliae truly ballooned out.

“You have created a situation where the Elves are, more or less, your hands and mouths. The only place that isn’t true is the military. You’ve created a very strong meritocracy at every level, except those who interact with you.

“And before you get defensive, this isn’t a bad thing. At least I don’t think so.”

Meliae brushed her fingers up and down her own sides as she grew silent for a moment. As if thinking out her words.

“Elves are great mediators. Facilitators, movers, middle men. Especially the ones you managed to acquire. Almost all of them were bred and born to manage large households.

“Now, what would happen if you were to die? And die you will, my love. You’ll live very long, because of the grove, but eventually that power will wane.

“Your children will pick up the mantle. That’s simply how it will be. Your citizens will see that as right and proper.”

Vince screwed up his face as he thought about that. Leaning forward he put his chin in his palm, his elbow resting on his knee.

“Forgive me, Sweetling. But that’s just how it is.

“Now, the Elves will turn to serve your children. They will eventually fulfil the role they were created for. Household Elves. They won’t interbreed with the other races, though they’ve already started breeding amongst their own sub-races.

“What if three of their number were elevated. They become child bearers. Rather than house Elves, they simply became family.

“If ever you wanted to bind the Elves to our family in an unbreakable way, claiming those three Elves would do it. They would rabidly die for your progeny, even the non-Elven half brothers and sisters as they would still be ‘family’, if you should claim the Elves.

“Even if you only wanted to provide a life of love and children for Thera, Eva, and Elysia, as they will never seek out another, you should claim the Elves.”

Vince grumped internally at it. Everyone was pushing him to simply wed and bed them.

They were beautiful creatures. He flirted with them. Teased them on occasion. Often he found himself thinking of them sexually.

He was only a stupid man after all.

“You’re the only one dragging their feet, Sweetling. Those Elven maidens wait every night with an unlocked door in the hopes you’ll visit them. Even Fes is tired of waiting. She mentioned to me that she would bring it up to you soon.”

“Fine, I’ll think on it.”

“Good. Thank you. Now, a new subject, equally important.”

“Ok?” Vince asked carefully, his eyes moving back up to the city streets.

“Our grove. I want it to be stronger.

“Daphne, Karya, and I are starting to run out of time in the day to act as midwives and nurses to all the pregnancies in our community. I’m going to need help soon. Especially when our little ones arrive.”

“Yeah, I can definitely agree to that. You three are starting to get run ragged. And it’d be nice to power the Elves up to insane levels again. Was fun turning them into things out of myth and fantasy.”

“Mm, I’m glad to hear you say that. It can be done. Easily too. There’s a cost involved though.”

“I wouldn’t expect that to be otherwise. That’s true in all things. How bad are we talking here?”

“Rather cheap, honestly. We just have to recruit more Dryads. The more Dryads in the grove, the more power we’ll have. Get enough, and you’ll become immune to old age. A grove is simply a gathering of Dryads in defense of their trees. Most groves start with two Dryads who find themselves close together without intending to be.”

Vince made a non-committal noise. Dryad society was strange to him, but it made sense.

“Dryads will often find life-partners in each other since their lives can be so long. Mother said she’d tried it once, but found she quarreled with her Dryad lover often over men. They had different tastes. She moved on when her tree produced a new seed.

“I personally never considered it, but Karya and Daphne were in the process of attempting a grove. They just needed a man to share that would seed both of them. It increases the power of the grove when both Dryads use the same man.”

“Huh. That’s actually all rather interesting. How does that apply to us since I’m your grove and tree?”

“It’s actually simpler, but we’ll get to that next. First, we need more Dryads. I’d like to put out a purchasing party for the human lands, a search party for the woods, and a hunting party for the Wastes to go round up Dryads and make them the offer to join our grove.” Meliae sighed and pressed a finger to her full lower lip. “I’m going to be picky though. I only want Dryads who are free of other men. Which means it’ll end up being all young ones with their first tree or seed. Which…” Meliae trailed off, uncertainty written clear on her face when Vince looked at her.

“Which…?”

“Back to your earlier question. How they join the grove. You cut yourself open, just like the last time, and they put in their seed.”

“Seems simple enough.”

“Then you put your seed in them. They’ll be concubines, basically.”

“Oh,” Vince said brilliantly. “So… I get to play one-night stand with a number of Dryads?”

“Something like that. You’d have to re-fertilize them every few months, but not too often.”

“And you’re alright with that? Fes is?” Vince asked. He was watching her now, looking for anything that could give him a hint about her feelings.

“Fes thinks it’s a good idea. It would give me more power and you as well,” Meliae said carefully.

“And you?”

“I… I want to give you more power. I want to make the grove strong. Strong enough to weather anything.”

“And?”

“And… I’m afraid. I’m afraid at a level that I know is just insecurity, that isn’t real and is completely just a stupid worry.”

“Afraid of what?”

“That you’ll find a Dryad you like better than me. That I’ll be replaced as mistress of the grove. I’m a young Dryad, Vince. There are some out there who could pleasure you in ways I can’t even think of.”

Chuckling, Vince reached over and laid his hand on her knee. “Don’t worry about that. You’ll always be my ‘mistress’ as it were. If it makes you feel better, you could restrict it to only Dryads on their first tree and seed and free of other men. Provided I agree to the added Dryads.”

Meliae nodded with a grin, her face clearing up instantly. Her eyes glowed softly as she looked at him.

“Let me think on it.”

Elves and Dryads.

“All of it. You’re basically telling me I need to spread my seed far and wide like a weed. It’s a lot to take in.

“I mean, don’t get me wrong. I’m a man. Sounds like some sexy fun good times. But in the same breath.” Vince finished with a sigh, turning his gaze out on the city.

Meliae got up slowly, the chair creaking as she moved.

“I understand. Come along, husband. Thinking on this can wait. Time to enjoy yourself for the evening before you journey. If I don’t miss my guess you’ll be leaving tomorrow,” Meliae said, pressing a kiss to his temple as she passed.

Vince blew out a breath in his hand.

Meliae never steered him wrong when it came to these things. She didn’t have a head for war, battle, politics, or strategy, but when it came to family and friends, she was supreme.

Sitting there for a few more minutes he realized she was right. He’d solve nothing right now.

Getting up he shook his head.

A decision for another time.

Deep in thought, Vince didn’t shake his mind free until the door to his bedroom closed behind him.

In his bed were all three of his Dryads.

Naked.

And already occupied.

Karya was at the head of the bed, laying on her back with her legs spread wide. Her green eyes watched him, glowing strongly, a smile curling her lips. She dragged her tongue across her lower lip, and then the upper one.

The back of Meliae’s white haired head was pressed between Karya’s pale lovely thighs, and Karya’s fingers were curled in Meliae’s hair. Karya ground her hips back and forth, pressing herself into Meliae’s face.

Meliae’s rear end was raised up in the air, presenting him a great view of her slit. Which was being worked over by Daphne’s tongue. The big Dryad was on her back, her shoulders wedged up against Meliae’s knees.

Her tongue dove in, slithered around, and worked back and forth through Meliae’s pale pink lips.

As if sensing him, Daphne paused in her ministrations to peer out from between Meliae’s privates. She gave him a sultry smile, her chin glistening.

“Right here, dearest. Put it in right here,” Daphne murmured, showing him where by pressing a kiss to Meliae’s dripping entry. “All aboard your personal Dryad train.”

No one would ever need to tell him twice to get on board.

Vince stripped himself in a heartbeat and got down on his knees behind Meliae. She shuddered as Daphne continued to lick and slurp at her, Meliae in turn servicing Karya diligently.

Daphne’s hand snuck up and snatched his member and angled it down towards her mouth. Wrapping her wet lips around the tip, she inhaled it, giving it several quick pumps of her head.

Coating it liberally.

“Mm, I got the first lick,” she said teasingly, as she released him from her mouth. Meliae and Karya made soft sounds of annoyance but said nothing in return. Grabbing hold of his shaft again, she guided him into Meliae.

Enjoying the personal attention, Vince pushed forward, driving himself deep into her.

Meliae arched her back, pushing her bottom into him, moaning deeply into Karya.

“Look over here, darling. Watch me while you break it off in her. I want to pretend it’s me,” Karya pleaded, her fingers tightening on Meliae’s head. “Watch me while I make her eat me.”

Pressing his hands to Meliae’s hips, Vince started to pound away at Meliae’s bottom and thighs. Driving it home into her as he worked himself through her channel.

Daphne’s tongue slid over his shaft, hilt, and balls. She was licking and sucking at anything she could get a hold of with her mouth.

Meliae’s grunts and moans were lost in Karya as Vince stared into her eyes.

Karya’s eyes were a deep glowing green, her pupils long since gone as she watched her man service another Dryad who was in turn servicing her.

Meliae lifted her head up from Karya’s sopping privates, panting. “Change. Please, change,” she said, her inner walls quivering around him in apparent climax.

Karya and Daphne moved, pulling him back from Meliae. Then they all shifted one spot down in their train. Daphne was at the head now, Karya in the middle, and Meliae down below.

“Dearest, please, break me with your eyes as you destroy this foul Dryad as she eats me out,” Daphne begged, her chest heaving with panting breaths.

Karya wiggled her bottom at him tantalizingly as she lowered her head down to Daphne’s thighs. “That’s right, break your foul-mouthed Dryad darling. Make me scream.” Then she fell silent and the sounds of slurping took over.

Meliae said nothing, instead she snatched his shaft into her hand and started sucking on it hard, her hands cradling him.

“No cheating, Mel. Put him in,” Daphne called from the top.

With a soft sigh, Meliae released him and slid him into Karya, her tongue going straight up to his taint.

Before she could get any further up, he drove it home into Karya, then leaned forward over the top of her. Reaching forward with one hand he pressed her head firmly into Daphne, his other hand digging into her side.

Karya moaned, not fighting him in any way. She never fought him like Meliae or Daphne did, but she wanted to be owned more viscerally in return.

He could feel Meliae’s tongue slipping and sliding over him and where it met with Karya as his hips cracked into her ass.

Karya didn’t even last thirty seconds before her mewling moans turned into desperate cries.

“Change, change, change, please, change,” she cried into Daphne’s nethers with each hip shattering crash.

Not quite wanting to let them switch, finding himself wanting to finish he tried to hold on to Karya, who allowed him to do so.

It was Daphne and Meliae who pried him away from the shuddering Dryad as she orgasmed.

Growling, he waited as Daphne got into position in front of him. Before Karya could get herself properly situated beneath her, Vince wrapped his hand into her hair and drove himself into her mouth.

She eagerly accepted him, her hands reaching up to grab his hips and pull him forward roughly. He’d only managed to get into her throat a few times before Daphne pressed her rear end into his chest, moving him back from Karya.

“Here, dearest. Right here,” she called. “It’s all yours.” Then her head went down, pressed into Meliae’s eagerly waiting lips.

Reaching up he grabbed Daphne by the hips and buried it in her roughly. Rocking back and forth with speed and strength, she had to push back against him to keep from being knocked over.

Karya’s hands and lips went to work as he savaged Daphne.

Daphne’s loud cries made Meliae squirm, her knees curling up over Daphne’s shoulders to hold her in place.

Vince appreciated it, since it gave him more leverage to try and split Daphne in half.

Caution long since gone to the wind, Daphne was mauled between the two of them, her body pushed and pulled with the need of others.

Finally, aching with the need of it, Vince hit his peak.

Daphne shuddered violently as he finished inside of her. Lifting herself up she angled herself to give him as deep a shot as she could.

With several more pumps he filled her up, his entire width aching with the pulses.

Then he was spent.

Taking a deep breath he felt his need start to drain away.

“Mine,” Karya said happily, pulling him out of Daphne and inhaling him.

Deciding to go with it, Vince grabbed her head and rolled to the side, dragging her along with him.

Laying on his back, he laid his hand on top of Karya’s head and watched as she bobbed up and down. Cleaning him as she was always eager to do.

Beside him, Daphne collapsed, her lips and tongue only barely making it to Meliae now.

“That was fun, Sweetling. We should do this more often,” Meliae said softly, her glowing green eyes watching him and Karya.

Vince only barely nodded his head, lost in what had just happened. It’d been an eventful evening. One that had sapped him of his worries and stamina.





Chapter 3



It was early the next morning that Vince made the call to pack up and go.

Fes plucked at his leather armor and worried at a buckle. Her callused green fingers rechecked, tightened straps, and pulled on attachments.

“Fes, stop,” Vince said softly with a chuckle. He took her hands in his own and gave them a squeeze. “It’s on as tight as it can go and everything is secure.”

“I know. I don’t like you going without me. I’m your Fes. I can’t even send my Second in my place. I trust Petra,” the Orc said, glancing to one side where Petra was speaking with Thera and Eva.

Such an interesting change in those two.

“Trust in Thera and Eva then. They’re stronger than you think. All will be well. I’ll be off to Verix, and back before you know it. Hopefully with a trade agreement and safe passage rights. If we can begin to establish a safe corridor.” Vince knew in his heart that this meeting would be the first step to an attempt at lasting peace for both peoples.

If you can pull it off.

Fes only nodded her head, her black eyes scouring his face. Then she pressed a soft kiss to his lips and stepped back. “I’ve given your saber a keen edge, as well as your hunting knife. I also oiled the blades and re-wrapped the hilts.

“If you find suitable wives, make sure Karya agrees before you make any claims. Thera and Eva are both already approved by everyone should the chance arise.

“I expect you to return, at the least, in one piece. At best, with more wives or concubines. Power and strength through our family. Do you understand?”

Orc society at its finest.

“I do, Berenga. I do.” Vince gave her a smile, and bowed his head to her. Turning on his heel he moved over to Petra. She wheeled herself around at his approach, her legs bringing her to face him in a heartbeat as he neared.

“This one will miss you as well. Obey Fes, listen to Karya, claim the Elves.” Petra leaned down into him, pressing her face into his neck.

As quickly as her tenderness came, it went, her legs carrying her off to Fes’ side quickly.

“Do forgive her, Sweetling, she’s still not used to showing her feelings. Try to collect some Dryads while you’re out, run it by Karya for confirmation. Now, off with you,” Meliae said, giving him a tight hug and a wet kiss. “By the time you get back, you’ll be a father of four.”

Four?

“Four?” he asked, as she moved to join Fes where the lane ended in front of the eastern gate.

“One for Berenga, one for Petra, two for me. I’m not this big for no reason, silly,” Meliae called over her shoulder.

Vince nodded his head woodenly at that. He’d never thought to actually ask.

“Do you know the sex o—”

“Yes, I do. No, I won’t tell you. Surprise for your return. Go, shoo. Fes and Petra shouldn’t be up and about if I can prevent it.” Meliae began shepherding Fes and Petra back towards their home when she reached them.

Petra cast him a backwards glance and a worried smile before they turned a corner and vanished from his sight.

“Come, master. I’m eager to watch you as a Ranger.”

“Yes, Lord. Teach us so that we may better ourselves.”

The Elves were eager. Beyond eager.

He would be alone with them except for one horny Dryad. This would be their chance to get what they wanted.

And everyone knew it.

“I can’t wait to watch you make them squirm under your… tutelage… Darling,” Karya said sweetly.

Especially the Dryad.



They’d made significantly good time in their trip to the east.

Having already reached the point that the Sierra Nevada range ended and spit them out onto the border between California and Nevada in only a few days.

Vince had taken them south off the beaten path and into a lesser used road, making sure that they didn’t give any information away to whatever scouts or spies the High Elves had sent.

Maybe he was being paranoid, maybe he wasn’t. It cost them effort and a day at worst to make it harder for their would-be allies to find them.

It was also a good opportunity to give Thera and Eva Ranger training. As a Wood Elf, Eva needed almost none of it. For her, most of what he discussed and attempted to teach her was already known, in some fashion. To his mind it was as if he were merely making her aware of instincts she had, but hadn’t used logically.

Thera on the other hand, being a city bred Dark Elf, needed the lessons. As any Elf would though, she took to it quickly enough and soon they were moving through the wild lands at a quick pace.

Karya, as a Dryad, was a natural of course when it came to areas that had trees and foliage.

They were waiting in a copse of hills to the southwest of the meeting location. They could see the lake and plains from where they were.

Thera was snuggled up to the base of a tree, a small book open in front of her, and her fingers working a pencil back and forth.

She had an eye for art and sketching, and had taken the time whenever she had the chance to draw the world around her. It was a surprise to him. A pleasant one.

Eva on the other hand, Wood Elf to the core, seemed happy to clamber up into a tree and do whatever it was she did up there.

I wonder if Eva has a hobby, too.

Elysia prefers chess and reading.

Meliae’s turned to knitting.

Fes, Petra, and Daphne spar when they have free time.

Karya was hunched over a small sapling, her fingers tenderly stroking tiny buds and dainty branches.

Then we have the sex monster, tree-mender.

“Can you save the patient, Doctor Karya?” Vince asked, his eyes moving up to the plain beneath them. They still had a week to go before the High Elves would be arriving.

He turned his eyes back to her.

“Indeed, my love. It only needs some attention. It’ll develop nicely even after we’ve moved on,” Karya said in a soft voice. She ran a delicate fingertip along the trunk, a pale green color suffusing the sapling.

“Oh? Like a certain Dryad I know that’s been basking in attention since we started this trip?” Vince said with a grin, watching her.

Karya’s cheeks colored, her eyes darting to him, then back to her patient. She spoke under her breath, to the point that he had to strain to hear it.

“I admit I’m enjoying all the attention I’m getting. Your Elves are growing depressed though. You really should nurture them. Starting with one in particular. Soon.”

Imperceptibly, Karya pointed a slim finger towards the tree Eva had clambered up into. At the volume she’d spoken, he doubted the Elves would have heard her.

Thinking on the situation, Eva had definitely become a touch reclusive. Her eyes slid off him whenever it got closer to the evening. When he would inevitably retreat to Karya’s bedroll.

“Why, why does—”

“Because it makes sense to everyone. Why are you against claiming a willing wife? You’re acting spineless. We’re done talking about this.

“By the way, I’m afraid I’m going into my moon sickness. You’re on your own for a while,” Karya said. Then she got up and wandered off deeper into the trees.

Vince sighed and leaned his head back, resting it on the tree he was propped up against.

Can’t get moonsickness when you’re pregnant. Or is that the point of saying it. She’s telling me I won’t have an easy release for a while.

As if waiting for just such a situation, Eva dropped down out of the tree and slunk over to him.

“Are you well, Master?”

Her voice was soft, cautious, curious. Those large eyes dug into him, seeking an answer. They were intense.

Hopeful.

“Quite well, Eva. Thank you for checking.” Vince hesitated for a moment.

He really was being stupid about the whole thing. Wasn’t he?

“Eva, if I asked you to share my bed, what would you say?” he asked, straight and to the point.

Out of the corner of his eye he caught Thera’s head come up, then move to one side. Her ear now pointing directly towards him.

He’d said it deliberately loud enough for Thera to hear it. This concerned her too, of course.

Blinking once, Eva slowly turned her face down and to one side, her eyes peering at him indirectly.

It was a strange look she gave him. Predatory, concerned, and wary.

“I’d want to know why you wanted me in your bed,” she said slowly. “You tell me I’m not a concubine, so I’d like to hear the reasoning, Master.”

Vince felt his eyebrows come together at that.

What did he want out of his relationships? With everyone it was a question of emotions and feelings. Even Karya and Daphne evoked feelings of care and tenderness from him.

Did he have that towards the Elves? For Eva?

He’d fought against it at every turn, but had he ever stopped and explored what he was fighting exactly?

“I could never claim you aren’t beautiful, Eva. Or deny that my skin heats up when you get too close to me. Or the way you move and carry yourself drives my thoughts into dark corners,” Vince admitted. Turning his eyes skyward he searched his inner self.

The easiest way he’d ever gauged his feelings before was imagining her with someone else.

Like if Eva took on a lover and—

“Because the idea of you being with another man makes me nauseous and angry,” he finished lamely as his stomach went sideways at the idea of Eva sleeping with another man.

Eva’s head tilted back towards him and her lips parted.

“Den master! I’ve found you,” squeaked a Ratfolk, sliding up to his side. Blades of grass fluttered in the air behind the diminutive scout.

Ratfolk looked pretty much like rats, though they walked, stood, and generally moved as a bipedal humanoid would. They were barely above two feet tall and could see in the dark.

Great forward scouts.

“Greetings, Set,” Vince said, smiling down at the Ratfolk. “I assume you have news to report?”

“Den master, news, yes. Elves come early. Gert tracking their trail backwards. Ris is in the field, watching.” The Ratfolk bobbed his head rapidly. “I’m here to tell Den master.”

“You’ve done well. Now, how many Elves were there?”

One had to be deliberate and gentle with Ratfolk for the best answers.

“One paw.” Five. “And four claws.” Four extra, so nine. Set held up his paws, displaying the number on his fingers.

“The four extra. Did they look like scouts?”

“Yes, Den master. Gert said they were scouts. They left quick, quick. Began searching.”

Vince held his hand up to his chin, his fingers stroking his jaw as he thought. “Good work, Set. Go back to Ris and await orders. If you’re engaged, retreat and get back to Yosemite.”

“Yes, yes, Den master.” Set turned and scurried off, his furry body vanishing in the long bladed grass.

Eva shifted her weight around, watching him. Thera had come over, her book and pencil held in one hand while she waited for orders.

“Eva, could you track down Karya and get her over here? I think our time’s been spent.”

The Wood Elf popped up to a standing position and then flitted off. Thera moved over to her pack and slipped the pencil and book inside.

“Lord, do we prepare for combat?” asked the Dark Elf as she began closing the flaps again.

“Unfortunately. I’d love to believe they’re peaceful, but only a fool gives trust to someone he has no reason to.”

Thera agreed with a nod of her head.

Reaching back behind her head, she gathered her raven-dark hair and tied it up with a loop of leather cord. Lifting her sword free from the sheath she let it go, checking the pull on it.

Vince watched the warrior Elf as she made her preparations. Vince then internalized his thoughts. He had to prepare what he wanted to say to the ambassadors.

Suddenly, he found himself wishing he was still just a Ranger, running from coast to coast with the mail.

Being a postman was a lot easier.



The High Elves didn’t seem surprised to see Vince when he showed up in front of them.

They were more than aware I’d left already.

That and the fact that they’d set up a portable pavilion made out of cloth as if they were already expecting him. Not a word had been spoken yet and he wasn’t really sure how to begin.

Vince smiled casually across the table at the three High Elves arranged in front of him. They were all older, having the look of men in their sixties.

And from what he knew of Elven lifespans, that meant they were pretty frickin’ old.

They stared back at him, their hands folded in front of them.

“At least he brought some entertainment for later,” muttered one of them. It was so soft Vince would have missed it if it wasn’t for his extraordinary hearing.

The eyes of the one who spoke moved up to Thera, Eva, and Karya behind him.

Seriously? They think I brought bed toys?

I don’t have time for this tired ass bullshit.

“No. They’re not here for entertainment. They’re my companions and loved ones,” Vince said darkly.



“Now, I’ve come on behalf of Yosemite city, by your request. How would you like to begin this conference?” Vince asked simply.

The Elf on the left’s face puckered in a sour grimace, the middle one sat up straight, and the one on the right clenched his hands together.

“We would never request to meet with a human,” the one on the left said through gritted teeth.

“Great, then I’ll be leaving. I have things to do and if this was a waste of time, so be it.” Vince stood up and pushed his chair in.

“Wait,” said the Elf in the corner. His voice was soft but firm. “My name is Caern. My apologies, please forgive these three.”

Caern was younger than the other three, had been dressed in simpler attire, and had hung in the back so far.

Vince didn’t stop, and picked up his messenger bag and picked up the folder Elysia had prepared for him.

“Please. We did request your presence and we’ve come in good faith. I apologize for them, again.”

Vince stopped, looking at the young Elf with a flat stare.

“Sit, please. This was an error. The politicking of old Elves who don’t understand the world.” Caern stood between two of the older Elves now, his hands gesturing to the chair Vince had left.

Clicking his tongue Vince considered leaving. He didn’t have any desire to be here, and this really was a reasonable excuse that would get him out of here in a hurry.

“You three, leave. Now,” Caern said, gesturing to the three sitting at the table.

“Now se—”

“I d—”

“Leave, or I’ll kill you and hand your heads over to the King of Yosemite as a gift,” hissed Caern.

At that, the other three got up and angrily left, their eyes promising death and pain to the young Elf.

Vince wasn’t completely convinced this wasn’t all for his benefit. He’d seen similar negotiation tactics in the past. Where one person took on the role of the villain and the other the hero. One would be more inclined to work with the hero with a positive attitude and trust.

Narrowing his eyes, Vince pulled out his chair and sat back down.

Saying nothing, he was determined to let his opponent show their hand first.

Behind him, he heard the creak of Eva’s leather armor, and Thera’s chainmail hauberk rustling.

They were preparing themselves to launch an attack at any second.

“Your compatriots seem high strung,” Caern said, taking the vacated center seat.

“Be thankful I didn’t bring my Troll. She takes offense to those who are rude to me. We almost fed your messengers to her on our first meeting when they attacked me.

“And to be honest, so far, I’m not impressed and see no reason to deal or treat with you and your kind. You’ve been as bad as… well… humans.”

Vince smirked at Caern. He hoped the man was insulted.

Caern’s eyes scrunched for a microsecond, his mouth flattening to a line, his nostrils flaring. Mastering himself, the Elf held up a hand. “It is as you say, I’m afraid. We’ve been terrible neighbors.

“I’d like to fix that. First, I’d like to invite you to Verix, the city itself. As a guest of honor.

“Second, I believe we can begin with a simple non-aggression pact between Verix and Yosemite. This would only be until we can negotiate a trade agreement.”

Vince controlled himself as best as he could. Going to their city wasn’t in his plans, but the other half of his statement was welcome news.

“Though I must confess, we’re under a bit of a crisis.”

Ah, here it is. Always a catch.

“But this is neither the time or place to discuss that. Would you be willing to accept a non-aggression treaty and the invitation?”

“No,” Vince said bluntly. “I’ve no reason to trust you, or put myself in your city, as your ‘guest’ and at your mercy.”

“I … see. Ah, would you be willing to do so under a life-oath from myself and the others here?”

“Nope. That’s great for your own word, but it holds no one underneath you responsible. Pass. I’m saddened for this conference to end here, but unless you can offer me some type of iron-clad guarantee on my safety, I wouldn’t be willing to walk into the proverbial lion’s den.” Vince shrugged his shoulders. He wasn’t stupid or foolish.

He trusted no one until they earned it.

Caern’s face was a mask of neutrality at the moment. He was doing a much better job of masking his emotions right now than earlier.

Though his fingers were pressed tight to the table between them.

“If it helps bridge the gap, I’d be willing to travel to the outskirts of the city, but I don’t plan on entering it under any reason. It doesn’t do to turn oneself into a ready-made hostage,” Vince said.

“And if our entire ruling council offered guest-rights on top of that life-oath?”

Elysia had told him they’d get to that point eventually. At that point, they’d be putting themselves on a magical debt level that would annihilate the entire city’s population if they broke it.

It wasn’t something they would offer unless he put them in an untenable situation. Where he refused every possibility up to that point.

“I’d accept at that point, though I’d want the guest rights, and oath, before entering the city. My retainers,” Vince said and motioned over his shoulder to the three ladies behind him, “can act as contractors for the magical side. They’ve all been thoroughly schooled in the matter.”

Caern peered at Vince intently, before giving him a wide predator's grin. “You were waiting for the guest rights.”

Saying nothing, Vince stood back up and collected his possessions. “We’ll be traveling to Verix and will announce ourselves when we arrive. I would hope the oath and rights can be established within a few hours of that point. Good day.”

Turning on his heel, Vince left and set off to the northwest, in the opposite direction of where his scouts were hiding.

Ass-hats.





Chapter 4



They’d been escorted into the city when they arrived a few days later. Only after the entire council had sworn a life-oath for his safety and offered him guest rights, of course.

Thera and Eva had both confirmed for him independently that everything was exactly as everyone had stated. If any harm befell Vince or his team, the city would pay dearly as their magic spilled out and took their lives.

Guest rights when sworn with a life-oath and bound with magic were not something to toy with.

After that, they’d been swept through a quick evening meal, dropped in their room, and told that tomorrow morning their first trade meeting would begin.

Vince was now locked in a room with two beds and three women.

Gert, Set, and Ris were all scouting the surrounding areas. It wasn’t much, but information gathering could prove useful if a situation arose. That and he really didn’t have anything else for them to do.

Better to keep hands busy than idle. And speaking of idle.

Vince stood up from the chair he was in, his hands moving to check the weapons on his person.

After confirming everything was as it should be, he looked up to the three women who were eying him expectantly.

“I’m going to go sneak around and spy on our hosts. Seems as good a time as any. They can’t really hurt me either,” Vince explained. “Honestly, maybe I’m just being paranoid, but I feel as if they’re keeping something from us that they don’t want us to know yet.”

Karya yawned behind her hand and then waved it at him. “Do what you feel is best. I’m going to turn in for the night. A comfy bed sounds delightful right now.”

Without another word, the Dryad shucked off her clothes, and crawled under the covers without a scrap of clothing on.

“So soft,” murmured the Dryad, closing her eyes and rolling over to one side.

Eva was studying Vince, her nose wrinkling. “I don’t like it, Master. I dislike this city on top of that. It isn’t easy to hide here or blend in with the shadows here. It…”

“Isn’t a forest,” Vince said with a smile. “I know. Urban stealth is a bit different.”

“Which is why I’ll be going with you, lord. I’m quite at home in the city and feel I can keep up with you easily,” Thera said, unbuckling her sword and putting it on a bedside table.

Strapping on her hunting knife she began double-checking her gear to make sure everything was secured.

“Thera, I really—”

“Lord, you’ll not argue in this,” said the Dark Elf with steel in her voice. She pinned him with her eyes for a split second.

“Alright, fine.” Vince reached up and ran a hand through his hair. It simply wasn’t a smart idea to argue. They’d do what they wanted regardless of his wishes if they felt they were in the right.

“Thank you, Master. I appreciate you not fighting us on this. It’s best for everyone, especially for your own safety,” Eva chimed in, sitting down on the empty second bed. “I’ll remain here. They could harm us without causing actual ‘harm’.”

That makes a lot of sense, actually.

“Good thinking. Thanks, Eva. You’re a blessing. Really appreciate ya,” Vince said sincerely, giving her a smile.

Eva said nothing, returning the smile thinly.

Thera grabbed him by the elbow and led him to the door, her eyes telling him to say nothing more and to follow instructions.

Unfastening the door latch, she opened the door quietly and poked her head out the doorway.

She looked to the left, then the right. After a second she stepped out into the hallway.

With a slight turn of her head, she gave him a crooked smile and held out her hand to him.

“The night is young, lord. Come, let’s go play in the dark.”

Vince let out a snort and decided to play along. He placed his hand in hers and he closed the door behind himself.

“Lead on. I’ll obediently follow.”



Vince would describe the city as if it were any other. It really didn’t differ too much from what he’d seen of human settlements.

The High Elves seemed to have a preference for worked stone. If he had to be honest though, he’d bet it wasn’t worked at all, but magically summoned and crafted.

Their roads, houses, decorative pieces were all in stone.

Metal didn’t have a place here, nor did wood, as far as he could tell.

Winding streets that led down homes and businesses, plazas that had the look of being open markets, back alleys where trash collected. There were even homeless Elves back in there.

For all the love of claiming vast differences, from both sides, humanity and Elven kind were much more similar than either race would probably believe.

Or wanted to believe.

Vince and Thera had stolen two coal colored cloaks and did their best High Elf impersonation while keeping themselves to the shadows and dark places.

They were working their way towards a dark corner of the city. A part of it that was near the exterior wall, but also had an interior wall. It’d provoked his interest and curiosity in equal measure.

To his mind, it was more something that you would do to keep something in, rather than out.

Thera’s hand brushed against his wrist as she hovered close to his side. Her hearing and eyesight were slightly better than his own enhanced senses.

He trusted her implicitly and waited for whatever signal she’d give.

As quickly as she’d tensed up, she relaxed. Moving forward at a slow walk, Thera kept them on a straight line for what they assumed would be the entry point.

They couldn’t be sure as they’d already tried several other streets and found nothing but a dead end and a wall.

If they encountered another one, Vince planned on climbing up the wall itself to get inside.

Trespassing be damned, my curiosity won’t let this one lie.

Thera spun on her heel, pushing him up into a darkened corner. She’d stuffed him up under a windowsill at the front of the home they’d been passing by.

The Dark Elf was an inch from his face, her black eyes staring into his.

“Guards,” she hissed, her warm breath washing over his mouth and neck.

Vince swallowed, moving his head back from her. Only to find he couldn’t. They were quite literally pressed up into the corner as far as they could go.

“—ot a hold of her and then had to send her back.” The voice was high pitched, and heading in their direction.

“Oh? Didn’t get a chance, did you?” said a second voice, deeper than the first.

“No. Hustled her off right quick. As rare a chance as it was, and it slipped through my fingers.”

Two Elves moved into view and stopped just beyond a decorative fountain that was set into the walkway.

Neither carried a torch, but he doubted either had need of it.

Vince couldn’t make out their conversation any further though, as the burbling of the fountain drowned it out.

Thera’s hands were pushed into his arms, pinning him to the wall, her chest smashed into his. Even her legs were wedged up against his own.

It’s like something out of a bad romance novel.

He couldn’t help it, and his lips curled upward in a grin at the thought.

Thera noticed, her black eyes darting to his mouth and then back to him. She lifted one dark eyebrow at him, a ghost of a smile gracing her generous lips.

Fuck it.

Taking the offensive for once, since almost every interaction with a woman was initiated by them, Vince leaned in and kissed the Dark Elf warrior.

Thera’s fingers dug into his arms, her entire body going rigid at the touch of his lips to hers.

He couldn’t pull away from her, and he didn’t want to push her back and possibly give them away, so he simply remained where he was.

She could break the kiss whenever she wanted.

It slowly became something more as Thera moved her head to the side, and forward. The back of his head pressed up to the stone however and could go no further.

Her lips pressed to his, she began to kiss him in earnest. Her nose tickled his cheek as she seemingly tried to wedge her entire body into his own.

Soft, panting breaths came from her, threatening to give their location away.

The kiss became a hungry eager thing all on its own.

It wasn’t until the soft click of boots echoed from the street that Thera moved her head back.

As if the realization of what happened came with that separation, she took two quick steps away from him.

The Dark Elf stared at him, her eyes slightly glassy and annoyed.

She fluffed her cloak and wrapped herself in it, her breathing deep and hard.

“I won’t apologize. Because I’m not sorry for that. It was a chance that doesn’t come around except in fairy tales, so I took it,” Vince said, giving himself a small shake. “Now, shall we see if this is the street we wanted after all?”

Thera eyed him, considering his question. She didn’t seem angry, more annoyed and flustered than anything.

Eventually she released her cloak, the material falling back into place. Her hands were pressed to her stomach, her fingers clutched into the fabric.

“Why?”

“Why what?”

“Why me?”

Vince chewed at his lip for a second and then answered her honestly.

“Because you’re beautiful? Strong? Intelligent? Fascinating? You three constantly remind me that you’re pledged to me and I swore up and down I’d never touch any of you. But I find my endurance spent, my promise a curse, and my will long since passed.

“So… I kissed you. Because I wanted to.”

Thera’s lips twitched, then she did a ninety degree turn and headed off down the street towards their hoped for entrance.

Vince took a few quick steps to catch up with her. He spared a second to look back the way the guards had gone. Those two were still moving down the lane without a backward glance.

Odd. They weren’t really watching for anything.

Crime was practically non-existent in Yosemite, but they still had patrols that walked the streets. Each fighting company would have a few squads walking the city every night.

Even the most lax of his people wouldn’t have been that inattentive.

To Vince, things weren’t adding up.

“Damn,” hissed Thera, getting his attention.

Up ahead of them were several guards around a massive gate. It looked like something you’d put on the front entrance of an outer wall rather than an interior one.

The strange part was the guards were on the outside, but their attention was inward.

“Stranger and stranger. I want to get in there. You with me?” Vince asked, moving off the street and into a back alley. He’d seen what he wanted to see. Now he just wanted to get inside.

“Ever so, Lord.” The Dark Elf ghosted into his side.

“You say that now, but in three hundred years when I’m still among the living and you’re starting to tire of the world, will it be the same?” Vince asked jokingly.

Turning his eyes towards the buildings around them, he started to plot a course upwards. The only way in would be to scale the walls. Using the houses and stores seemed like the best way to see how that could be done.

“Beg your pardon, three hundred?”

“Just a guess really. The Dryads keep dancing around it but I get the impression I’m going to live as long as their grove does. Which as far as I can tell,” Vince paused, putting the toes of his boot into a crack in a wall, “means I’ll live as long as the trees live. Those trees can’t leave behind seeds, but can regrow themselves all over again, because of the grove.”

Coiling himself he prepared to leap upwards, using the crack as a leverage point to get to the window ledge above. “So, if I don’t miss my guess, I’ll still be alive long after your Elven bones have turned to powder.”

Launching himself off the ground, Vince kicked off the crack a second later. Grabbing hold of the ledge he powered upwards, keeping himself moving.

His fingers locked onto the edge of the roof and he dug the front of his boots into whatever he could.

“Jump up, grab on, climb up me,” Vince hissed down at Thera.

The Dark Elf wasted no time and he felt her hands clench around his ankles. Bracing himself he held to the wall while Thera climbed up him.

Getting to his shoulders she paused, her face behind his ear.

He heard her lips part, as if she were considering her words.

“Outlive me, will you, Lord? I think you’ve forgotten that a certain magical storm incarnate powers me up daily. I have enough life force to live for a thousand years or so right now. I imagine he’ll continue to fill me with magical energy as well. So yes. Ever.”

Thera was on the move again, her foot pressing into his waist as she put a knee to his shoulder. A second later and she scrambled over the top.

Strong hands clasped his wrists and started hauling him upward. As soon as he got his chest over the lip of the edge, Thera released him and slithered back, keeping low to the rooftop.

“No guards,” she hissed. Turning her back to him she flitted away to the opposite end of the roof, closest to the wall they needed to get over.

Vince grunted, looking around quickly. It looked like a series of roofs all at a uniform height and type.

A little different then a human city then. It’s all symmetrical.

Now, let’s see if we can’t find a way in.



It was the deep part of the night, midnight or so, when they finally found a way in. It’d taken going to the wall on the far side, closest to the open fields around Verix, and dropping in.

At first blush, Vince found that it seemed to be the poor quarter of the city. The buildings were the same, the streets the same, the decor the same, just of lower value.

Lower status.

They worked their way through the streets and found it all the same. There were no guards patrolling however.

No sounds either.

All was deathly silent.

Like a tomb.

Vince stared at the back door to the house they’d stopped at. They’d found nothing and no one. Nothing that could explain the mystery of this section of the city.

Vince wasn’t normally a curious man, but he felt that it was better to turn over every stone with Verix. He didn’t want any surprises further down the road in their working relationship.

“Lord, you aren’t seriously considering going inside, are you?” Thera asked from beside him. The distance she’d kept from him at the start of this adventure had vanished after their kiss.

Now she was practically on his heels, her hand touching his lower back.

“That I am. I’m thinking about waking someone up, and then going through some of their thoughts. I wouldn’t even have to talk to them,” Vince admitted.

They were crouched low in the shadow of a shed. It was one of the reasons they’d stopped here in particular. It had the look of every other house, but there were things that set it apart as upgraded or developed.

Like the shed.

Thera sighed, her full lips turning to a flat line as her dark eyes turned on the house.

“I now understand what Fes and Petra meant,” Thera muttered, shifting her weight from one foot to the other.

“And what does that mean exactly?”

“They warned me that you would do whatever you wanted and I was best served to adapt to it, rather than fight it. I now see, Lord, what they meant.”

“Sound advice, smart women, I listen to them frequently,” Vince said, standing up and heading straight for the back of the house.

Lifting his hand to knock on the door and slip away as quickly as possible, he was surprised when it jerked open.

Standing in front of him was a middle-aged Wood Elf. He was garbed in what could only be described as a long tailed tunic.

Sleepwear, really.

“What do you want? We’ve done nothing wrong, all the—” the man stopped dead, his eyes focusing on Vince’s face. “Who are you?”

Thera’s knife appeared pressed to the man’s throat, her other hand clasped to the back of his head.

“We should go, now,” Thera hissed, her eyes reflecting the light of the lantern from inside the man’s house.

“You’re not an Elf. You’re a human, I c—” said the man, his voice raising several octaves. Thera’s blade tip pressed into his skin and blood ran down the length of it.

“Another word and I’ll take your life,” Thera promised.

Gurgling, the Elf said nothing in response.

Vince hadn’t been idle this whole time though. He’d already been passively rifling through anything and everything he could pull out of the Elf’s mind.

What he found didn’t please him. In any way, shape or form.

“You’re a slave,” Vince said without preamble.

Thera’s eyes flicked to him. He could read in them the warring desires in her heart. Whether to defend him, to get away, or to find out how a Wood Elf was here and a slave.

“This entire part of the town is the slave quarter. It’s populated with nothing but slaves of any race the High Elves can capture. Gnomes, Dwarves, Elves, anything. Anything that they can capture and bring into the city. And it’s been this way as long as anyone can remember.”

Vince shook his head slowly, realizing that Verix wasn’t the ally he wanted.

If anything, it was an enemy.





Chapter 5



“Say nothing about us to anyone,” Vince said, reaching out to gently press his hand to Thera’s wrist. “For your sake, and ours. It would do no favors to anyone.”

Thera allowed her weapon to drop, seemingly unsure of herself with the news.

“Slaves, lord?” she asked.

“Slaves. These Elves are no different than the Humans in the west. To be honest, I imagine this isn’t unique to High Elves either. I’m betting this is true for much of the Wastes. ‘If you’re not in my tribe, you’re clearly an animal,’ kind of thinking.”

Thera shook her head, as if unwilling to hear or believe his words.

“Lord, I…”

“You forget, you yourself would have happily allowed other Elf races to die not long ago, would you not? Is it so hard to think that someone would take that, and then say, ‘why not a slave instead?’ It’s not that farfetched.”

Thera looked to the ground, her cheeks coloring faintly in what he assumed was shame.

She’d been very against bringing the other Elven races into the community. The very same Elves she now considered family.

“Dada? Is that a friend of mama?”

Vince looked past the man and found a small girl hiding behind her father’s leg.

Though he had no real experience with children, he’d bet on her being five or six years old.

She had the brown skin and wavy hair of her father, but her eyes were black as well as her hair. A Dark Elf’s coloring.

A half-breed. Cute kid as well.

She had an upturned finger, pointing at Thera.

The man looked down and then stepped in front of his daughter. “No, dear, not a friend of mama’s. Let’s go back to bed and snuggle up to mama. Dada was just saying goodnight.”

Thera had not failed to notice the child, and stared at her with a strange look.

“Goodnight,” Vince said, playing along. “Please be safe and be sure to think on what my suggestion was.”

“He looks like grandpa,” the girl said as the door started to close.

Vince stole a final look at the man and noticed belatedly his ears weren’t as pointed as a normal Elf’s. They were rounded at the tips.

Somewhere between Human and Elf.

Very much a half-breed.

Once the door closed, Vince and Thera were left to the dark quiet of the slave quarter of Verix by themselves.

Sighing, Vince pressed a hand to the side of his head.

Everything gets more and more complicated.

“She was beautiful,” Thera murmured. Her eyes were locked on the door, where the young child had been.

Turning away from the door before they were spotted, Vince set off for their entry point. The night was fading and he needed to get back.



An hour later and they’d ghosted back to their room.

The door shut with a clack behind them as they entered. They’d somehow managed to make it back without trouble. Even making it past the door guard who had been placed to make sure they didn’t leave.

Everything had gone their way.

Almost too easily, really.

It made Vince paranoid and nervous that something bad was going to happen.

Something terrible.

Thera had stripped out of her armor on the way to the bed she’d be sharing with Eva.

The Dark Elf paused and then nodded to the bed, as if Eva had asked her a question. Then the covers shifted to one side and Thera crawled in.

Checking his path was clear to the bed he was sharing with Karya, he got out of his equipment, setting it to one side.

With a flick of his hand, he doused what light the room had from the single burning candle. The sudden darkness was complete and empty of all light.

His increased night vision made it hard sometimes to fall asleep and utter blackness had been one of the few things that helped.

Even night vision needed a bit of light to work.

Walking over to the bed he pressed his hands to the covers, trying to find Karya so he didn’t squish her.

His hand brushed over the swell of her hip and he found her darn near the center of the bed.

Figures. Forcing me to sleep on the edge or cuddle up with her.

Skin prickling as the cold crept into his flesh, Vince gave up.

Pulling over the covers, he slid in behind Karya and pressed himself up to her back.

Wrapping his right arm around her midsection, his left arm slithering under her head, he drew her close to himself.

Giving her a squeeze from behind, he shifted around till he got comfortable.

Her bottom fit firmly in his lap, his arm resting underneath the bottom of her breasts, and his forehead to the back of her skull.

“They have slaves,” Vince murmured to her. “An entire slave quarter full of every race they can lay their hands on. Even other elves.

“Instead of an ally, I fear we may have only found a new enemy.”

Sighing, he leaned over Karya and kissed her lips softly.

Her full lips were eager to meet his, her body turning partially towards him.

Remembering her words earlier about not being available to him, he broke the kiss and laid his head back down. He’d respect her wishes.

Can still punish her for it though.

Sliding his right hand down over her flat stomach, he reached between her legs. Parting for his advance, she spread her thighs, giving him immediate access to her nether region.

Pressing his lips to the base of her neck, he started to trail kisses upwards along her soft skin.

At the same time, he pressed the palm of his hand to her pubic mound, his index and ring finger splaying her lips wide. Then he dove his middle finger into her entrance, moving it up to the last knuckle and curling the finger.

He began to rub and press his fingertip at the interior of her, while he sank his teeth into her neck.

Biting firmly, he sucked roughly at her skin at the same time. He might as well mark her since he was antagonizing her. He knew she didn’t experience the Dryad shame the same way Meliae did, but leaving marks on her always worked.

She sucked in a breath that caught in her throat.

Encouraged by her reaction, Vince began to work his middle finger back and forth smoothly. Then he curled his thumb inward and began to brush it over the hood of her slit carefully.

Moving his left arm lower under her, he curled his arm and found her right breast. He began to knead it with fingers through her thick sleeping tunic.

Karya whimpered once as Vince released her neck to begin placing kisses along her throat again.

His eventual goal was her ear, it always made her squirm when he got a hold of it.

And he planned to ravage it.

Karya turned towards him more, her right hand coming to grip the arm that was angled down between her legs. Her fingers were strong and held tight to him, as if unsure whether to encourage him or push him away.

Decide, little Dryad. Hold to your threat or give in.

Lifting a foot, he eased her knees further apart with a gentle nudge. Then he pushed his middle finger deep into her.

Pressing his mouth to her ear, he took in a deep breath, his tongue sliding out to lick gently at her earlobe.

Karya shivered in his embrace, her nipple hard against his palm through the thick fabric.

Her insides were dripping, the moisture from her making his finger slippery as he wormed it in and out.

Closing his teeth on the edge of her ear he began to move upwards, biting into it and running the tip of his tongue over it.

Turning his head he let out a breath into her ear, then moved up to bite into the end of her ear.

And found that it was pointed.

“Vince,” Eva whimpered, her free hand coming up to press to the back of his head, the tip of her ear stuck in his lips and teeth. “Please. Don’t stop, the tip is sensitive.”

Her whispered pleas and use of his name set his skin on fire.

Vince surrendered.

Releasing her ear despite her wish, Vince moved to her face and kissed her deeply. Her mouth opened up, her tongue cautiously touching his lips.

Opening his own mouth her ran his tongue over hers.

Slowly, he retrieved his hand from between her legs, pulling his arm out from under her, and moved himself over the top of her.

Eva shifted herself around, her hips lining up against his thighs. Her slim hands pressed into his sides, her fingers stroking his bare hips.

Ending the kiss, he laid his forehead to hers.

“Are you sure? Are you ready?” he asked.

He would take them. Take them all. But only if they were absolutely certain.

“Yes. Yes, I am,” Eva said, laying her head on the pillow.

He could just barely make out her face in the dark, the gentle glow of her eyes.

Nodding his head, Vince gently forced her legs apart around his hips as he moved in closer.

Reaching down with one hand, he took his shaft in hand, and then fit the tip to the opening of her channel.

Pushing himself forward slowly, he entered Eva, and tore her maidenhead.

Moving as smoothly as he could, Vince started to rock himself back and forth, driving his girth through her.

Eva’s breath came out in ragged pants, her knees locked to his hips as her fingers clung to his back.

Ducking his head in, Vince kissed her repeatedly as he picked up speed. Her lips met his eagerly, hungrily as the audible patting noise of his thighs making contact with her own could be heard.

Eva whimpered and moaned into his mouth, her fingers curling as her body shuddered underneath him.

The speed and force of it kept escalating as she writhed, her hands encouraging him onward and her knees pulling at his hips.

Her breathing went ragged and he could feel her tunic sticking to her sweat. Groaning deeply, her insides squirmed and clenched tightly onto him.

Vince couldn’t keep himself from release any longer and drove himself home into her.

Even as his shaft expanded, he thrust into her repeatedly, thick seed spilling into her.

A few more thrusts and he was empty, his length buried deep inside of her.

Moaning, Eva undulated her hips under him, grinding herself against his hilt. Turning her head to the side she broke the kiss, taking in a deep breath.

Her body slowly came to a halt under him, her skin slick with sweat, her hair plastered to her forehead and cheeks.

Nudging her head to face him, he kissed her tenderly, then rolled to his side, drawing her up onto his chest and side.

She laid an arm across his chest, her head falling to rest on his shoulder.

Hot shaky breaths from her tickled his neck and ear.

Vince did his best to not think on what he’d just done, and simply enjoyed the after effects.

With that thought, he managed to somehow quickly fall asleep, while holding onto Eva.



In the cold light of day, he only regretted the way it happened. Eva deserved more than an accident. Not that he’d ever admit that he didn’t know it was her in the bed before he got in.

Even now while he waited in the large chamber, he couldn’t help changing the direction of his thoughts.

Not ever. Gonna die with that one.

Another council member entered the large audience hall and collected a paper from the guards. Giving it a quick once over, the Elf then moved off into the raised chairs that circled the table Vince was sitting at.

The councillors of Verix were trickling in for the meeting that had been arranged. From the number of desks and chairs, it would be about thirty some odd people in the council all told.

It wasn’t quite time for that meeting however, so no one was late.

Yet.

He half expected them to attempt some type of power play and keep him waiting.

So Vince had vowed he would be early for it. It was easier to circumvent a power play in advance than waiting for it.

Now he watched as High Elves entered, sat down, and read the paper that had been supplied to them.

On his right was Thera, standing attentively, armed, and armored. Guest rights and an oath didn’t prevent anything, it only made it so that repercussions would be severe.

Karya, the evil mastermind behind last night’s accident, had laughed at him once she got him alone for a few seconds. After promptly congratulating him on conquering the Wood Elf, of course. She’d then said she would leave the city that morning while he tended to the politics of the deal.

Even now she was meeting with the scouts outside the walls. For whatever reason she’d decided she could be best utilized there, instead of here.

Secretly he suspected she was up to something else entirely, but he had no idea what it could be.

Karya left after she’d had a quick conversation with Eva.

Sitting at his left side was that very same Wood Elf. She’d pulled her hair back into a style that was abnormal for her. A self-satisfied smile graced her features and she looked pleased.

Vince’s eyes were drawn to her neck where the dark purple bruise he’d put on her was on display.

You can even see the frickin’ teeth marks. Way to go, Vince.

His stomach flipped over at the fact that Eva was wearing the hickey as if it were some badge of honor.

The Wood Elf’s gaze slid towards him, as if feeling his eyes on her.

She gave him a bright smile, a hand reaching up to run a finger over that very same bruise.

Warm eyes, a cheerful smile, the slight coloring of her cheeks.

In a heartbeat Eva transformed from a cold beauty to a warm and radiant lovely woman.

“What…?” she asked, her cheeks coloring a darker red. Looking down at herself she did a quick self-check of her person as if to see what was wrong.

“Nothing, I was just thinking about how lovely you look this morning,” Vince said, leaning towards her, his voice pitched low.

Eva’s face burst into a scarlet color as her teeth caught her lower lip. “Oh. Oh, I… I see. Alright.”

From his right, Thera snickered to herself. “So much for that strong front, sister. You crumble like a structure made of sand in a rain storm.”

Looking at her sister Eva wrinkled her nose. “Wait for your turn, then you’ll see.”

“I do not doubt it. You were the one who said—”

“Stop, enough, sister. Mercy,” Eva said quickly.

Thera snorted and started to reply, when her attention fastened onto something else.

Following her gaze, Vince found it was Caern who’d entered and stolen Thera’s eye.

And apparently her anger.

Vince couldn’t miss the hand that flexed around the hilt of her sword at her side.

He couldn’t blame her. Slavery was something that Elves cursed their human masters over on both coasts. Yet here in the Wastes, the Elves themselves enslaved one another.

It wasn’t every day you found out you were no better than the people you hated.

“I see no reason we can’t begin,” Caern said loudly.

Snapping out of his thoughts, Vince did a quick check and found most of the desks were filled.

“Today we greet Vince… wait, do you have a surname?”

“Never needed one.”

Caern blinked a few times and then leaned over his paper to scratch something out with a pencil.

“Vince, the King of Yosemite City. A city state to our west. He’s come to open trade negotiations. The proposed trade route would be along the western road, moving through the Sisrote pass.”

“Not possible,” claimed one of the Elves on the far left.

“We’ve already lost too many there,” said another.

Doing his best to watch the byplay, Vince felt like the developing situation was strange. Their words were heated, but there was no emotions behind them.

If it was also such a problem, more than one person should have—would have—objected.

No, this didn’t add up. To Vince it almost seemed…

Planned. This is a charade for our benefit.

“Let’s cut to the chase,” Vince said, standing up. “You want me to do something even before we begin talking about the original reason I came here. Rather than going through all the theatrics, how about you tell me what you want done, and I’ll tell you what price I want for that service.”

The assembly room went deathly quiet at that.

Standing straight and tall, Vince made eye contact with all who would meet his gaze.

“If you prefer I can sit back down and you can go through whatever lines you had prepared beyond this point and we can pretend I never saw through it,” Vince offered.

He was no ambassador. On top of that he really didn’t want to work with people who would enslave their own kind, let alone other sentient people.

He’d done enough of that in the past and would be choosing his allies carefully going forward.

Caern started to laugh. Picking up the paper in front of him he crumpled it up and set it aside.

“As you like. We have a problem on the trade route we’d want to use. Somewhere north of it is a group of… well, we don’t know what they are. Or it. We don’t know anything, really.

“The only thing we know is that whenever we send people in that direction, on that route, they don’t always come back.”

Nodding his head, Vince could think of several things that would lie in wait along a well traveled road for an easy meal.

“We need you to make that route safe to pass. Then we could work out a trade agreement. We could never send our people without their safety being assured.”

“And what would you have me do to show you proof the deed was done? For all we know, this could be something natural and there’s no way I can solve it,” Vince stated. He’d give them no room to wriggle out of this.

“Would you swear a life-oath that you solved the problem to whatever extent you were capable of?” Caern asked after thinking on it for a moment.

“Providing I agree to the exact life-oath and the wording, yes. I would.”

“Then it’s settled. We look forward to—”

“Though I have a condition of my own. And I’m afraid it’s non-negotiable. I’d also have your council swear a life-oath on honoring that condition should I be successful.”

Caern frowned, shaking his head. “I don’t think we could accept one. The trade agreement would be repaym—”

“No, it wouldn’t. I can trade with the humans just as easily as I could you. I’m here to simply make sure I’ve kept all my options open. I don’t need your trade, but I’d prefer to have it. You on the other hand… you could use me as an intermediary to the human lands directly.”

Caern’s face puckered up at that. Apparently he’d already thought all this through and had similar thoughts of his own. “Go on.”

“You’ll be turning all your slaves over to me. I’ll either offer them a home, or free them. Then you’ll never take another slave again.”

There was finality in Vince’s voice. There would be no equivocation or bickering. No bartering. No horse-trading.

That was his condition to them.

As one would expect, the entire room erupted in a chorus of shouted voices and exclamations of anger.

Deciding he’d wait it out till they were silent again, Vince sat down, folded his hands behind his head, and leaned back in the chair.





Chapter 6



The racket went on loudly and ferociously.

To Vince it felt as if it were unending.

They shouted him down for telling them how to rule their city. They railed at the fact that he knew that, yet he’d never been inside their city before. They blustered and threatened. Lamented and wailed.

All in all, Vince was unimpressed.

They were all powerless to actually act against him.

His guest rights were granted until a day after leaving the city. Which meant unless they wanted to end this conference here and now, they would be forced to deal with him

Vince was growing tired and bored with the situation. It wasn’t as if they were actually accomplishing anything by going on the way they were.

A middle-aged Elf stood up and started to lift a hand towards Vince.

Thera vanished from his side and reappeared before the Elf. Her sword was unsheathed and pressed to the man’s throat. Bone chilling cold radiated from her, the room dropping in temperature immediately

Eva had also disappeared, only to reappear in a back corner, her bow nocked and leveled. What little air made it through via the windows stilled and died, the room going utterly silent and dead.

No one moved, no one spoke. No one dared.

Caern slowly lifted a hand above his head, as if requesting permission to speak.

“What can I do for you, Caern?” Vince asked, looking to the Elf.

“I think perhaps we were all a touch heated. Could we re-seat ourselves and begin again?” Caern asked neutrally.

“No. I don’t think we can. I think this is pretty straightforward. You want me to perform a service for you that your entire military cannot accomplish. Otherwise you would have done it already.”

Vince stood up from his chair, holding his hands out in front of them. “With that in mind, I require a price to be paid for that service, as nothing comes cheap or for free, does it? Now, admittedly maybe my price is a touch steep. So I’ll make it easier for you.”

Reaching into a pocket Vince pulled out a gold standard.

Laying it down on the table with a thunk he gave it a tap.

“You all of course know that this is a gold standard. I doubt you care for the markings, since it’s currency for humans, but I’m sure you’ll agree the gold weight is valuable. Every gold standard is within minute fractions of each other in gold weight. I’ll pay you for each and every slave you have, that you release.

“Price per is negotiable, but I’d want to hear the total number I’m purchasing before I decided on a price. Then I’d need a full accounting of each slave.” Vince shrugged with a grin. “No offense, it’s just business.”

He continued, “So, you have a simple choice in front of you. If you want to trade with Yosemite, you’ll need me to get that route cleared. If you want the route cleared, you’ll be divesting yourself of your slaves. And in getting rid of those slaves, I’ll pay you a reasonable price. I have a good bit of experience of what the going rate is in the western kingdom of man.

“If you like, I can leave you to deliberate on your choice, but there won’t be much room for negotiation from here.”

After several seconds without a response, Vince sighed. He flicked the coin to the other side of the table and left it there.

“Put your sword away, Thera. Eva, put the arrow back. It seems we’ll be waiting outside for them to make a choice.”

“Hold, Vince. How would you have us do this? If we agreed to it, that is.” The speaker was Caern of course. He seemed to be far more prominent in Elven politics than anyone had explained to him yet thus far.

Looking up to Caern, Vince grinned. “Life-oath, of course.”



Vince, Thera, and Eva walked out of Verix that day. There had been nothing left to say after the assembly room fiasco and the deal being struck.

No sooner were they in the open areas to the west of Verix than Gert tracked them down.

The Wolfman loped up easily beside Vince and ducked his head.

“Please, follow me, Packmaster,” Gert said without preamble, smoothly turning off the path into the brush.

Turning his heading without questioning or arguing, Vince followed his scout. He was long since past the paranoia that would have plagued him with anyone else.

For his people, he trusted them implicitly. Especially the Beastmen. They were exceptionally loyal. Fanatically so.

As suddenly as they’d entered the brush, they’d just about cleared it.

Karya stood on the other side, speaking quietly to both Ris and Set.

Arrayed out behind her was a group of women. There had to at least be seven of them, all standing there, watching Karya.

It took Vince only a hard look at one of them to realize they were all Dryads. Every single one of them.

Green eyes, strange skin tones, and varied hair colors.

Amazing figures.

They were also young, some looking like they could have been a few days past eighteen; the oldest looking only twenty-one. These would be exactly what Meliae had been looking for to join the grove.

“Ah! Good timing. I have our first batch of Dryads ready. They’ve all already heard the expectations, situation, and all about the grove. These are all those who agreed and met the requirements.”

Feeling the unease building in his gut, Vince let his empathic gift free. Unshackling it, he let it drift over the Dryads and envelope them.

A touch of fear, a hint of disbelief, a quiet hope, and a mountain-sized amount of yearning.

They wanted to be here. Desperately so.

Karya practically danced over to him with a light skip and a bounce. She smeared herself to him and plastered her lips to his.

“If you could be a doll, and open yourself up, we can get them squared away quickly. Though we’ll have to save the second half of the seeding for when we return. This isn’t the time or place for something that intense,” Karya said.

Frowning with a small sigh, Vince looked at Karya for a second or two longer.

He was being forced into this and he didn’t like it. If anything, it made it worse for him that he wasn’t really being given a chance to discuss it in any way, shape or form.

But the last time you were given a choice, you dragged it out to a point that was almost a problem.

“Fine. Fine, but let’s get moving after this. I’ll fill you in as we do this,” Vince agreed. Reaching up he started to unbuckle and work at his leather armor fastenings.

Eva was there in a flash, her deft fingers moving his own out of the way and removing his armor.

“Thanks, Eva,” Vince said, giving her a smile. “Now, Karya. Verix has agreed to free all their slaves over to me at a price. That price will be determined after we return and an accounting of the slave population has been done. They’ve sworn to this agreement, and that they’d operate in good faith, so long as we return and swear that the route they want to use is safe.”

Unsheathing his hunting knife as Eva peeled his breastplate down he then pressed the tip to the same spot he’d cut open before.

“It won’t hurt, I promise. I’ll take it all away,” Karya said with glowing eyes. “Just a trickle of blood.”

Sharing her personal grove with others still seemed to set her pilot light, so to speak.

Nodding his head, as he’d heard the same from Meliae before, Vince cut himself open just as he had before.

Not making eye contact with the Dryads, he kept his face turned to Karya. “The route is being hunted by something they can’t catch, kill, or track. So they’re sending us instead.”

A Dryad stepped up to him and pushed something into the gaping wound with trembling fingers. She stepped aside and was replaced by another, then another, and another.

Karya made no response to his statement. She was engrossed in watching her grove being used. Her eyes greened over and glowing brightly.

“I figure it’s a man eater type. Something that’s using the route as a buffet.”

Another Dryad pushed some sort of seed into his chest. “Are you listening, Karya?” Vince asked irritably.

“Sorry, darling. I’m being shamed wonderfully right now.”

Vince sighed and waited for what he hoped was the last Dryad to finish.

Once she pushed in her seed, there was no one left.

“Grand, welcome to the grove.” Vince looked to the Dryads. They all seemed woozy, listing from one side to the other. Almost drunkenly.

Then again, Daphne and Karya passed out the first time.

“Great. They’re drunk on it. Let’s seal this wound up and get them seated for a spell, and then we’ll get moving as soon as they recover,” Vince wiped up the blood with one hand and smeared it onto his leather breastplate.

Karya made a happy moaning sound, her eyes slowly rolling down his figure. Her eyes were completely greened over and hungry.

“Maybe you can pay me some attention tonight?” she asked, her voice a purr.

“Sorry, Karya, if Eva will have me I plan on keeping her entertained.”

At the mention of her name, all eyes turned to the Wood Elf.

Eva turned a pale red, meeting Vince’s eyes for a moment, then turned away with a nod of her head to him.

“There you have it. Sorry. I don’t want her to think it was a one night stand or anything.” Vince shrugged his shoulders.

He’d taken Eva, and he planned on taking care of her as well.



Moving swiftly, they’d simply crossed into the low mountains and hills to the southwest. From there they headed across to the west. Vince had no desire to take the straight path there.

There was no reason to act like prey, after all. And prey followed that route straight into whatever end had met them.

It’d only taken them two days to find a reasonable spot to set up camp. There was no way he was taking the entire group of Dryads with him, they’d only be in the way

Assigning Ris as their lookout, Vince left Karya and the Dryads there. Gert, Set, Thera, Eva, and himself all headed across the path of the route and towards the northern side of it.

He wasn’t sure how the people of Verix knew that the trouble was on the north side, but he had no reason to disbelieve them on this one.

They were nothing if not desperate for him to get rid of the problem.

“It means they underestimated the danger, but gave appropriate details for the location. I’ve seen it before on Ranger requests for eliminations. ‘There’s a band of Orcs here that I need moved, only five or so of them.’ But then it turns out to be a family clan of twenty and there isn’t much you can do but challenge the leader, hopefully win, and tell them to move on,” Vince explained, eyeing the metal post at the edge of the roadbed.

“I see. Master, that seems very…” Eva trailed off, unsure how to say what she wanted to.

“Self-centered. Mildly evil. Short sighted,” Vince supplied.

Thera nodded her head in agreement, reaching up to touch the rusted sign at the top of the pole.

“What does this mean, lord?” asked the Dark Elf.

“Route six. I’d imagine they captured a human who called it route six, and they ended up changing the name over time. It’s from before the Wastes—this highway, that is. Before Elves came here.” Turning from the depressing reminder of the world ending, Vince headed up the embankment. Slipping between two young trees, Vince felt the hairs on the back of his neck prickle.

Definitely a predator. Not some simple misunderstanding or accident.

“Packmaster, this place smells of territory,” Gert said, whuffing at the end. His tail went low as his head swiveled one way, then back the other.

Set, riding in the harness made for his kind, peeked up over Gert’s shoulder and nodded. “Bad smell. Hunter. Should hide.”

Vince smiled at that, moving swiftly and silently through the vegetation. “That means we’re in the right spot, that’s all.”

No one said anything after that. Vince’s mood seemingly spread to them. They were hunting a hunter, which made them the alpha. Not prey.

Time sped along with them as they went, the early morning dissolving to afternoon in the blink of an eye.

They made one circuit to the north and were now wheeling around back west to move through another section.

Something glittered in the brush in front of them, causing everyone to drop low.

Ahead of them, a soft pulsing light moved from bush to bush, as if seeking something.

It’s a fairy.

Vince felt his lips pull into a smirk as he watched the tiny light.

The fairy bobbed upwards, the light fading as it was struck by sunlight.

It couldn’t have been more than a barely matured male of its kind.

Two flashing red eyes were the only warning he had before a dark object leapt out of a low tree nearby.

In the blink of an eye, the fairy was snatched out of the air and clasped in a clawed pale hand.

Standing in front of them was a pale skinned creature. The eyes were a glowing red, the hair on its head was long and brown. Peeking up from that wild bird’s nest of hair were two triangular ears.

The face was that of a woman, though the fingers of each hand ended in claws rather than nails.

From head to toe, she was practically nude, pale as a bleached bone, and lined with dark gray veins. She had only a ratty brown cloak.

To Vince, she reeked of death and foul magic. She didn’t have the health and vitality that one would expect.

Her eyes were haunted, feral, and empty.

Before he could think any further, she shoved the bottom end of the screaming fairy into her mouth and bit down.

Tearing away the lower half of the fairy she stared off into the middle distance at nothing. As blood splashed down her hand she tilted the wailing fairy upward, as if trying to keep the blood inside it.

Swallowing visibly, the monster lifted the fairy to her mouth again and tore off the torso and midsection in another bite, silencing the fairy.

Then, in a final flick of her fingers, she popped the remains into her mouth and began to lick her fingers.

Vince blinked twice. He’d long seen the worst of the Wastes, but he’d never seen a fairy eaten alive before his eyes.

She looked like a Beast tribe member. A more humanoid cat clan type, but her skin tone, eyes, and fingers didn’t match.

Truly, she had the appearance of death, or someone working under seriously bad black magic. The kind people didn’t invoke because it usually effected the caster worse than the victim.

Hunkering down low in a sudden fit of movement, the creature looked to the west. Vince noticed she had a tail as she swished it low against the ground once, then held it perfectly still.

He’d been hoping she was the reason for the missing Elves, but by herself he doubted she could do more than kill a lone Elf at best.

Whatever had put her on high alert, though, was more than likely his real quarry. They were probably attracted by the smell of blood and the screams of the fairy’s brutal end.

Vince held up one hand slowly, getting everyone’s attention. Closing his hand, he then held up two fingers and gestured to the left, indicating for two people to move out further to protect their flank.

Then he made a fist with the hand and waited.

This was an opportune chance to draw in their enemy, and ambush them.

Maybe he’d get lucky and they’d kill the monster and get wounded, and then he could clean up the rest neatly and call it quits.

Call it quits and call it a day, then retire to his bedroll.

And Eva.

Eva didn’t seem to mind the attention she was getting at night, though she’d been nervous the first time they’d coupled in her bedroll with everyone around them.

Vince’s dreams were dashed as monsters from myth and legend came swarming out of the trees straight for the pale skinned woman.

Wendigos? Really?

Tall, hunched over, long thin limbs, bits of clothing hanging from their frames, they fit the very description of a Wendigo.

Man eaters. Hunters of humanoid living flesh.

Apparently they’d gotten a taste for Elf flesh and watched the roads.

“Great,” Vince muttered, pulling his saber free of its sheath.

Not that he could blame them, he’d grown fond of Elf skin himself. Eva definitely had some of the softest he’d encountered so far.





Chapter 7



There were seven of the Wendigos, and they were rapidly fanning out to surrounding the foul cat woman.

“Resistant to magic,” Gert said quietly from beside him.

Makes sense then why the High Elves find this problem vexing. To solve it, they probably sent very strong magicians. That got turned into High Elf magician steaks in short order.

It’s not like their soldiers would be anymore strong or hearty than a human. Without their magic, they’re nothing out of the ordinary.

Being magical creatures themselves, that means to kill the Wendigos, we need to decapitate them. That or carve out their heart.

Wonderful.

Vince waited as the Wendigos moved. He’d be happy when this was all over. He enjoyed traveling. Immensely so.

He just hated being forced to take contracts from people he didn’t care for.

“No,” hissed the red eyed woman “You bad. No eat. Go away.”

He doubted anyone had been expecting her to be able to talk. Let alone judge the situation appropriately. Vince had been working under the assumption she was naught more than a beast.

“Go away,” she said again, waving one clawed hand at them.

It was at this moment that Vince realized he’d judged her poorly for her appearance, and hunting a fairy. Was she any different than a bear that took down a deer and ate it?

No. She’s not.

Slinking out of the brush, Vince kept his saber low and distant on his right side. With ghostly steps he closed in on the Wendigo he was nearest to.

Unbelievably, at least to himself, he wasn’t discovered until he put his saber through the back of one of them. He’d angled the blade to go straight through the heart of the monster.

The dying roar of the beast as it slumped forward shook the others from their hunt. Vince’s blade came free of its torso, the metal slick and dripping red.

Red eyes locked to his own for a split second, before the cat woman leapt free of the circle. Her clawed hand dug furrows across the face of one of the Wendigos as she went.

Vince wasted no time as they were now distracted by their would-be prey escaping.

Crossing one foot over the other as he stepped to the left, he brought his bloody blade upward in a diagonal swing towards another Wendigo.

Putting an arm out in front of itself, it deflected Vince’s sword stroke but lost everything below the forearm for it.

Thera stepped up beside him, her sword moving forward in a lightning fast lunge.

Her blade skewered it through the heart, its howl of pain at the loss of its arm cut short.

Turning to the right, Vince pressed his back against Thera’s and whipped his blade around at a Wendigo who’d been closing in fast.

Splitting the air at great speed, his sword clipped the top half of its head, sending it careening to the side.

Four Wendigos remained and they had quickly circled up around Vince and Thera.

An arrow blasted through one of their eyes, the back of its head exploding outward.

At the same time, Gert and Set landed on another one, sending it to the ground.

Gert went for its throat in wolf-like fashion as Set stabbed at its eyes with his Ratfolk spear.

That left two more behind him that Thera was facing.

Spinning to put himself on Thera’s left, he found that only one remained.

The Dark Elf warrior took several steps to her right. Realizing what she was doing, Vince took a few to his left, putting them on either side of the last enemy.

Its head went side to side from Thera, to Vince, then back as it considered which way to face.

As it decided to face Vince and went into a low stance, another arrow crashed into its forehead.

Crumpling to its knees from the shot, it was no longer in the fight.

Moving forward quickly, Vince brought his saber across its chest in a wicked blow. The saber drove deep through its rib cage into what he hoped was its heart.

Collapsing on its side, it moved no more.

Getting down on his knees over the corpse, Vince called out loudly. “Pop the ribcage open and make sure the heart isn’t beating. If it is, pull it out and toss it. If it’s as magical as people make it out to be, it could probably survive wounds it shouldn’t.”

Cracking open a rib, Vince found what he was looking for. The trembling heart of a Wendigo, pulsing softly.

Reaching in, he hooked his fingers around it and yanked for all he was worth.

The spasming muscle came free with a disgusting squelch and blood spraying everywhere.

Grimacing at his bloody hand he held the heart aloft and then lobbed it to one side.

“We clear?” he called, looking over his shoulder at the rest of his group. “Any injuries? Bites, scratches, anything at all?”

Gert snorted and kicked aside a body. “All is well, Packmaster.”

Set stood atop a Wendigo, puffed up and looking around.

Thera stood up from the corpse she’d looked into the chest of. “No hearts beat, lord. All are sl—” Staring at something beyond him, Thera’s eyes widened.

Looking in the same direction, Vince found himself staring into the red eyes of the cat woman as she feasted on a bloody heart. Probably the very one he’d thrown.

In his haste to get rid of it, he’d probably thrown it at her.

Who had apparently caught it and was currently eating it.

She gave him a bloody toothed grin as she took a bite of the still quivering heart. “Thanks. Save me. Good meal,” she said, gesturing the heart at him. “Still alive. Feed for days.”

Vince felt his eyebrows rise up.

“Oh? That’s… good. I guess,” Vince said. Glancing back to his hands he realized they were blood drenched. “You uh… you enjoy your meal then. We’ll leave you to it.”

Backing away from the creature he kept his eyes on her. Predators were predators after all and he wanted to give her no reason to attack.

“Lets head back to camp, everyone. Slowly. Carefully. No movements that will attract attention.”

Red cat eyes tracked him above a blood smeared mouth chewing happily on a Wendigo’s still twitching heart.

My life is so strange, and yet this is almost normal.

Despite the irreverent thought, he somehow managed to maintain eye contact until a tree blocked them from seeing each other.

Turning quickly from the area, Vince headed out at a jog. Thera, Eva, Gert, and Set fell in beside him.

“You think that’s it, Master?” Eva asked.

“Other than the freaky cat lady, I do. High Elf versus a magical resistant Wendigo. It’d be like asking a fish to fight a bear. No wonder they never heard anything from their people. Let’s get back, and put our feet to the road. I’d like to be quit of this place and Verix,” Vince said determinedly.

In fact, the job wasn’t even half as hard as he’d thought it would be.

It was almost a let down.

Turning his thoughts from that, he focused on the slaves of Verix.

And how he was on his way to free them.

Some would be offered a new home in Yosemite, others their freedom and well wishes. That was all dependent on their attitude.

Yosemite City could always use more hands, and he’d be more than happy to take them in.

If they were the right people.



The trip back was quick. Almost hurried.

Vince drove them a bit hard but he couldn’t shake the feeling of being watched after he rejoined the rest of his party.

His first thought was the red eyed cat woman had chased after them, but after ranging out around them he found absolutely nothing. Not a trace of anything. Bootprint, claw marks, nothing. There wasn’t a single sign of something watching or following, but he still couldn’t shake that feeling.

His group stopped at the point they’d made camp last time and split in half.

Thera, Eva, and himself went into the city, while his scouts and Dryads remained at camp.

After announcing himself, and receiving renewed guest-rights, it took only an hour for him to be hustled into the same assembly hall he’d been in only days previous.

In fact, the High Elven council was already present.

“You’ve returned quickly. Was the task beyond your means?” grumped one of the Elves.

“No. The job is done. It was a pack of Wendigos. And I’ll be happy to swear on a life-oath for that. With that bit of business being done. I think it’s time we talked about my payment.”

Vince stared out at the assembly before him. He’d not let them move this conversation any further until he was satisfied on this point. He truly didn’t want to deal with anyone participating in the slave trade beyond what he’d already had to endure.

“All slaves have been released. They’re no longer slaves, and we’ll not be taking any further slaves. Per your request,” Caern said loudly.

Waiting to see if anyone keeled over, Vince said nothing. The life-oath would kick in as he’d claimed he’d fulfilled his end of the bargain. As no one fell over, most especially Caern, Vince was surprised.

They actually released them.

“Great. And the count?” Vince asked.

“Seven-hundred and some odd,” clarified a different Elf.

Vince couldn’t be sure if they were in fact all the same Elves as last time. Truth be told they shared too many traits for his taste and seemed to be uniform in features.

Almost like it was a family rather than an elected assembly.

“Okay. I’m willing to pay five standards per hea—”

“That isn’t necessary. We’ve employed all the slaves with work and they’ll be remaining here,” said yet a different Elf.

Something’s wrong here. That’s not part of the bargain.

“I see. I’d like to speak to them then. As they’re not slaves, they’re free to do as they please. I plan to offer them a home and work, but no pay. If what you’re saying is true, there’s no reason they’ll take me up on my offer.” Vince straightened his shoulders and locked his wrists behind his back.

At his words, Thera shifted her weight around, her left hand grabbing the mouth of her sheath.

Eva’s hands casually moved along the length of her bow, bringing it around to the front of herself.

Apparently they’d sensed the change in his emotional state, and could feel the tension bleeding off of him.

“Again, that isn’t really nec—”

“It is. Because that was part of the bargain. You’d free them and they could do as they like as they’d no longer be slaves. You’re saying you freed them, so they can do as they please, right?” Vince said, interrupting the speaker.

“Well, you see, Vince. They all owe a great to us for providing them with homes, food, and board. They’re bonded to repay us before they can depart. And before you ask, you couldn’t possibly repay their debt as that isn’t the honorable or sensible thing to do,” Caern said smoothly, his eyes flat as he stared at Vince.

So. They dropped the term slave from the contract, and obeyed the life-oath to the letter of the law. Then shackled them to slavery of another kind. Debt that they’d never be able to repay.

“I see. I think that concludes our business then.” Vince gave them all a cold smile and then turned on his heel, heading for the exit.

No one tried to stop him, and no one said a word.

They already planned out their approach and what would happen for each situation. There was no surprise in them at his departure.

No, this was well within their expectations of possible scenarios.

Fuck them. Cheat me, will they? I’ll make an example of you. You’ll regret this terribly.

Oh yes.

All will fear welshing on a deal with Yosemite.

Unable to control his rage, his vision turning dark as the blood pounded in his temples.

Before it could completely overtake him of his reasoning, Vince lashed out.

His fist crashed into the frame of the entryway into the assembly hall.

The solid rock splintered, shattering under the force of the blow.

Cracks began to rapidly radiate out from the point of origin. Flakes of stone fell away, and an entire section fell inward. The cracks stopped after reaching outward six feet down the wall.

Snorting, Vince kept walking, Elves squawking indignantly behind him.

He saw nothing other than the trail of death he wanted desperately to leave here. With Thera and Eva at his side, he was sure he could kill every single fool in Verix.

Or so his anger promised him.

The rage wanted it. Needed it. Begged for it.

To drown the city in its own blood. To bathe in it and liberally cover the walls in a fresh coat of paint.

Taking in a shuddering breath, his body convulsing as he did so, Vince slowly began to master his anger.

Slowly.

Painfully.



They spent the next several days in camp. Letting the High Elven scouts pass by them. The enemy never realizing Vince was right there.

Camouflage was easier than breathing when you had as many Dryads on hand as Vince did. Doubly so when they were working together for one goal.

Gert and Set had been sent back to Yosemite to prepare the way. They were to get in touch with Elysia and inform her of the entire situation. They were also responsible for telling her of Vince’s plans.

Ris kept an eye out, watching and keeping track of the number of High Elf patrols sent out.

It wasn’t until the fourth day that the Elves had returned to a normal pattern.

On the fifth day, Vince felt reasonably assured that they had assumed he and his band had left for home.

Or so we hope. If they’re waiting for us, this is going to turn into a shit show pretty fast.

Sighing, Vince scratched at the back of his head as he stared at the city wall.

“It’ll be fine, Master,” Eva said.

“Yes, Lord. Be assured, we will succeed,” Thera agreed.

“I know. Of your own ability, I have no doubt. My real concern is getting everyone out before sunrise, and getting far enough away that it matters. I don’t think we could commit to a rearguard action between the four of us and guide them home.”

Karya pressed herself into his side, her hands latching on to his armor. “Get us to that valley, and leave it to me and my girls from there. And then maybe you can reward me? Maybe spend a night with me?”

Ever since he’d started taking his evenings with Eva she’d reverted back to how she was before he’d lavished her with his attention.

“Impress me,” Vince said, giving the green eyed monster a smirk.

Karya took in a deep breath while giving him that one of a kind Karya grin. “Think you could shame me as a reward?”

“I can do that. In fact, I think I finally figured out how to really shame you,” Vince said.

He’d been putting some serious thought into her and her needs. She wasn’t Meliae, who wanted to be used, abused, and put away wet.

Or Daphne, who was as direct as could be, but the most shy of all of them. For her, shame was as simple as being watched while playing in the bed.

Then there was Karya, who for all intents and purposes felt no shame at being used. Publicly or privately. He’d had to poke around in her head a few times during their nightly runs previously, but he’d found his answer.

Leaning his head down to her ear, he gave it a tender kiss, nipping it ever so gently with his lips, and then nuzzled her neck.

“You don’t feel it the same way Meliae does or Daphne. You’re the reverse. If I make love to you tenderly, where everyone can see your feelings, then you’ll be embarrassed. Which is your shame.”

Karya’s eyes greened over, her fingers clenching on his armor. “Yes,” she whispered.

“Earn it then,” he said, kissing her ear again.

“Off we go then,” Vince said suddenly.

Stepping around Karya, he moved forward.

Towards the very fields that would lead to the walls of Verix.

The plan was fairly simple. Breach the wall, get in, move the slaves out. After that it was running pell-mell to a valley for Karya to do whatever she and the other Dryads had worked out.

On top of that, they had a touch of luck tonight. The night was a new moon, and the land was incredibly dark.

It’d put an Elf’s night vision to task and challenge even them to see what was going on.

Unexpected boons always made him paranoid. They were just as likely to go the opposite way.

“Three on the wall,” Karya whispered.

Looking to the wall, Vince couldn’t see anything. The dark of the night taxed his own night vision to its limit. They kept moving.

Luckily, or perhaps unluckily according to his paranoia, they made it to the wall without being spotted or revealed.

The cold stone chilled his back as he held his position against the wall. Staring up along the smooth stone he let out a slow breath.

It wasn’t interlocking stone, it was just… stone. Smooth, solid, untouched stone. He wasn’t sure if that would make it easier or harder for his Elves.

Taking two steps from the wall, Thera held up a hand and pressed it to the wall. A dark rectangle popped up on the wall.

Eva slid over, and pushed her hand into the inky blackness that her sister created.

Vince looked to the left, then back to the right. There wasn’t much he could do while they worked other than keep lookout.

“Only two in range now,” Karya said softly. “No one seems to be on alert, or even concerned.”

“Confidence will be their downfall this evening. Renege on a deal with me, will they?” Vince felt the anger welling up slowly from inside himself.

Inexorably, it began to overwhelm his good sense.

Karya’s soft warm lips pressed to his cheek. “We’ll make them pay, Darling. Calm yourself. Save all that energy for me, for later.”





Chapter 8



Thera and Eva were carefully magicking away the stone. Thera liquefied it, Eva redistributed it “elsewhere”, as she put it.

“We’re about to break through,” Thera whispered.

Vince stepped into the cut they’d made. It was wide enough for two people to walk side by side. Moving to the opposite end, he unsheathed his saber and waited quietly.

Karya had already assured him that no one was on the other side, but he would rather be ready.

Then the last bit of shadowed wall fell away, and he could see into the “slave” quarter.

All was quiet and still. There wasn’t a noise, light, or disturbance to be found.

It was eerie. Yet exactly like last time.

“No time like the present then,” Vince said, stepping into the empty lane. Moving to the closest home he knocked on the door, and then waited.

Eva, Thera, and Karya waited in the street. Nervous eyes and fingered weapons marked each one of them.

The door opened a crack, and Vince could barely make out a sliver of a face.

“Good evening. My name is Vince. I’m here to give you your freedom and take you away from the city.”

“Me? Why me?” asked a quiet voice.

“You, and everyone in this quarter,” Vince said around a vicious grin. “If you could help me wake up your neighbors, that’d be great.”

“I… my neighbors?”

“Yep. I’m going to go across the street and tell them the same thing. Then I’m going to go to the next street over and do the same thing.”

Turning partially away from the door he nodded to the homeowner. “You go down your side of the street and start waking people up. Have everyone head right over there,” Vince said, pointing to the hole in the wall. “Take only what you can carry in a pack, as we have no wagons, and no time. Preferably as much food and water as they can carry though.”

Vince waved at the door and headed across the street to repeat the same speech.

“Damned Pied Piper of Verix,” Vince murmured with a dark chuckle.



They’d been at the evacuation for two hours already. The steady stream of ex-slaves exiting the wall and across the field would have been spotted for sure, if not for Karya telling people when it was safe to speed across the open field when the guards were too far apart.

Eva was at the halfway point between the camp and the city, directing people along.

The Dryads would be guiding everyone from there to the valley they were gathering in.

Standing in the main plaza, Vince waited. Thera and Eva were doing a final sweep of the quarter to see if there was anyone they’d missed.

His anger was cooled now, though not spent. He’d exacted his revenge.

Expertly so.

But he felt petty. Vindictive even.

In the middle of the plaza was a blank plinth. As if a statue would have been put there, but no one had ever bothered.

Eva and Thera shadowed up to him, appearing beside him, one on each side.

“Nothing, Lord.”

“Master, not a soul remains.”

“Good. Let me just leave a note, and we’ll get out of here,” Vince said, scrambling up the plinth.

“A note, Master?”

“Lord, perhaps something else?”

“Huh? What d’ya have in mind?”

Eva lifted one hand and then spread her fingers out.

A tall stone obelisk shimmered into existence beside him.

“Huh. That’s rather impressive,” Vince said, truly surprised. “Can’t really carve what I want without it being loud though.”

“What do you wish to say, Lord?” Thera asked, moving around to the front of the obelisk.

“Oh… something simple, ya know. ‘By the terms of our agreement, I’ve collected my fee for the task I completed. Please send your bill to Yosemite and the account will be settled. Sincerely, Vince.’”

Thera snickered and then lifted a hand towards the stone.

A heartbeat later, and flaming red letters blackened the stone. The sound of sizzling stone was audible, but not very loud.

As the glow faded, he could see it was exactly what he’d said out loud. “Nice job, Thera. Alright, let’s go. We’re done here and I’d like to be on the road.”

Vince hopped down from the plinth and set off for the hole.

Karya waved them on as they approached. “No one’s watching, let’s go, Darling.”

Not waiting around for further instructions, Vince kept right on jogging, heading out into the field.

Glancing over his shoulder, he saw Thera and Eva closing up the hole in under three seconds.

Must be quicker to fill it up than carefully break it down.

Finishing their work, they sprinted off after him.

He couldn’t look away as he watched the Elves in their long-legged, graceful stride.

At least until he almost tripped, barely catching his balance and not taking a face dive.

Without being caught, or even noticed, they slipped free of the fields of Verix.

Setting a quick pace, they caught up with the tail end of the group. It was being led by a Dryad he didn’t know, but he at least recognized her as one of his.

“Grove master!” blurted out the Dryad, moving to intercept him.

Karya was there before she could get to Vince. She put herself between her and the Dryad and pointed forwards. “Keep moving. We have to get to the valley before they start looking. We need time to prep.”

The Dryad looked to Karya then nodded her head, moving to the front of the group.

Honestly, the entire exchange was an odd one, or so Vince thought.

“They’re going to look for any opportunity to be near you. Until we can get everything stable, it’s best to keep them apart from you. Sorry, Darling,” Karya explained.

Apparently he hadn’t hid his confusion very well.

“Not a problem. Just seemed a little strange, that’s all.”

“Not so odd, Master. Often we find ourselves discouraging others from trying to get close to you,” Eva said.

“It’s true. We do the same, Lord,” Thera concurred. “Karya is doing nothing different than we ourselves do at home.”

“Ok, got it. Sorry. I wasn’t trying to make anyone feel like they’d done wrong.”

Karya’s green eyes went from Thera to Eva, before giving them a bright smile.

Not sure when the Elf and Dryad factions banded together, but it’s not going to make my life any easier.

Silence stepped in as Vince retreated into his thoughts. Grass passed by underfoot with every pace.

Eventually trees shrouded them in true darkness as they moved deeper and deeper into the wilderness west of Verix.

The path was sure and straight though. Whomever had chosen the route to the valley had been keen on making it simple.

Internally, Vince’s paranoia shrieked at him.

Anything this easy of a path, with how many pairs of feet that come through, would be a bonfire to any decent tracker.

Rather than voice his fear here and now, he’d reserve it for the right time.

He’d only panic everyone and it’d serve no purpose.

But what do we do? Karya seems certain that she can shroud an entire valley and keep us hidden. But for how long? The time limit on this was always the morning after the breakout.

Guards will come to collect the slaves for their work duties, find them missing. From that point, the hunt is on.

It’s not like they’ll give up quickly, would they?

Think, Vince, think.

All too soon, they stopped jogging through the woods. They’d reached the valley and its promised safety.

Now what?



Before the sun had even climbed into the sky the next day, Elven patrols were sweeping through the area all around them. Groups of two or three were practically running to find Vince and his freed peoples.

Karya had assured him that there would be no followable trail, as she’d been encouraging the land to cover it for them as they went. Being in the Wastes she told him the land was much more responsive to their needs.

He hadn’t believed it, until Ris had reported in that the vast majority of the scouting parties were heading along the trade routes and normal roads.

Everything had been going according to plan.

So when one of the Dryads crumpled to their knees and then slumped to the side, he wasn’t surprised. When things were going too well, things had to go wrong.

That’s just how life is.

Vince was beside the Dryad in a heartbeat, propping her head up gently.

Cradling her there in the grass, Vince looked around to see if he could find Karya. She’d been on the move in the last few minutes, though now he suspected he knew why.

Whatever they were doing to fool the Elves, it was taxing them.

Sunset was only a few minutes away now, and darkness would rule the land in an hour.

Catching sight of Karya he stared at her, waiting for her to turn and look in his direction so he could get her help.

He wasn’t sure what was wrong with the Dryad, and he didn’t know how or if he could even help.

As if summoned to do so by his will, Karya turned around and looked straight at him. Then she was rushing over to him as she noticed the fallen Dryad.

“Goodness. She should have told me, the silly thing,” Karya said, fussing over the Dryad. Her fingers pressing to the sides of the fallen woman’s throat.

“Tell you what, exactly?” Vince asked. “I’ve been very generous in letting you do as you would, Karya. But I think at this point I deserve an answer as to what exactly you’re doing.”

Karya bit her lip and then smoothed the woman’s hair back from her face. “The inverse of what a Dryad normally does. We’re charming people to go away from here.

“Some of these girls are so young though, that they don’t have the strength for it. She pushed herself a touch too far, and passed out. She’ll be fine, though she’ll probably have a headache when she wakes up.

“I’m sorry, Darling. We’ve failed you.”

“Hardly. All it means is we need to move on to the next part of the plan. If we swing south, we can move down and around the mountain range, then north along the interior side of it. It’s far more likely to have food we can scavenge, hunt, or barter for. We’ve far too many mouths to feed, and not nearly enough food.”

Karya turned her head to the side. She still looked angry at herself for her perceived failing.

“If you can get us to nightfall, Eva and Thera might be able to conceal us long enough for us to make our escape. Can you do that, Karya? My lovely little Dryad?” Vince asked.

Karya lifted a hand and pressed it to her cheek. “I think so. But it’ll tire my girls. They’ll need to be carried from here.”

“I’m sure there are very willing arms and legs who can bear such a weight as we make our escape. Once we get a bit further away, and I feel safer, we can cull the herd, so to speak. Give everyone the chance to walk away or come with us.”

“They’re all going to come. They knew of Yosemite City before we arrived.”

“Great. So, keep us hidden till nightfall?”

“I… I can do that.”

Vince nodded and then laid the Dryad back to the ground, arranging her clothes and limbs to be as comfortable as he could.

Stepping away from Karya and the unconscious Dryad, Vince moved to where Ris was perched nearby.

Walking up to the tree branch he smiled at the fairy. “Evenin’, Ris. I have a favor to ask.”

Ris said nothing, but simply stared at Vince, waiting.

“I need you to get back to Yosemite City, and tell Elysia I’ll be coming up from the south with a large number of people. I don’t know how she can help, but anything she can do would be appreciated. Got the gist of the message?”

“Yes! Ris has been given a life or death important message! Ris will not fail!” The tiny fairy zipped off without another word.

Sighing, Vince watched the miniature comet zoom off.

Best of luck and thank you.

“Elf taste bad,” grumbled a whimsical voice from a bush nearby.

A pair of red flickering eyes watched him from the foliage.

The monster from the woods had indeed been following him.

For days.

No wonder his senses had been crying out. He’d been literally treated as prey.

“Taste bad, but good meal. Ate four. Many days meal. You show where good meal is, so I share. You want rest this one? Others in dirt. Hid them.”

Two gray clawed hands came out of the greenery to roll a dead High Elf towards him. The body flopped over, one arm hitting the grass and the other laying on its bloody chest.

The man’s face was frozen in a look of empty eyed horror. His chest had been smashed open. He couldn’t tell from this distance but he was betting the heart had been ripped out.

Where the good meal is? As in, I showed her to pull out the beating heart?

“I ah… I’m good. Already ate. Can you put that one in the dirt, too? So the others don’t find it and scare off the prey?” Vince asked, trying his best to hit her predatory mind.

“You full? Good. I hide in dirt, then back.”

Those gray clawed hands snapped out and sunk into the dead Elf’s chest, then dragged it back into the bush.

As if she was never there, she vanished.

She made Vince, Thera, and Eva all look like clumsy newborn deer.

“Holy shit,” Vince said after ten seconds passed. She was an incredible hunter. They’d gotten lucky finding her first, before she found them back there in the Wendigo woods.

“Darling, I can’t sense the scouts that were in the area. I think they’ve left,” Karya said from behind him. “I think we should get moving. How do you want to do this?”

Vince turned his eyes from the bush his stalker had been in, and looked to the Dryad.

Behind her was her troop of Dryads. All were on their feet, though a few looked unsteady.

“Ah, we head south. Across the ridge and onto an old road to the southwest. The signs are faded but it leads down south, down and around the mountains. Longer, but safer.”

Karya gave a short bob of her head and turned to other Dryads and began giving orders to them.

Vince tracked down Eva and Thera and gave them the same information he’d given Karya.

Soon after that, the entire group was on the move.

Slow and ponderous, the group moved out of the valley and into the plains to the south west. It was slow going. Terrifyingly so.

There were several times where they’d been forced to speed up or slow down, depending on what Karya felt was nearby.

As unlikely as it felt to Vince, their luck held, and not a single patrol was heading their way.

Vince wasn’t quite sold on the luck factor, and thought back to a pair of red eyes. Red eyes that had told him Elven hearts were “good meals” and that she’d eaten a number of them already.

He’d have to see to this stalker of his at some point, he didn’t imagine for a second she’d simply leave him alone.

She seemed like an imprinted animal more than anything. A tamed wolf that seemed content to eat whatever their owner brought or put down nearby.

In this case, Elves.

“Karya,” Vince said suddenly, making up his mind.

“Yes, Darling?” Karya had remained at his side, her Dryads spread throughout the mass tagging along behind them. Thera and Eva were both working the rear of the mob.

“Remember that creature I mentioned in the woods? The red eyed one?”

“Yes, I do. She sounds as if she’s under a curse or… well, undead. Why?”

“She’s still around. I’m pretty sure she’s been following me. She showed up just before we headed out. She said she’d killed and eaten the hearts of four Elves.

“I’m not sure this is the best time and place to bring it up, but I think it might be prudent. I’m almost positive she’s why you keep feeling scouts that simply go ‘out of range.’ They’re not going out of range, they’re being eaten.”

Karya chewed on her lower lip, her left hand coming up to worry at a lock of hair.

“I don’t like the sound of that. Cursed creatures and undead would definitely eat hearts. Neither of those are something we really want to mess with. Powerful magic surrounds the first, and the latter is simply hard to kill.

“Daphne fought a few she told me once. Said she ended up running away from them.”

Vince grunted at that, tossing the thought from his mind. It wasn’t like they could do anything about it anyways.

“I’ll talk to Meliae about it when we get back. Her mother is far more experienced and instilled a great deal of knowledge in her,” Karya said, nodding her head.

Then she pouted. “I miss Meliae and Daphne.”

Laughing softly, Vince wrapped an arm around her shoulders and drew her in for a hug as they went.

“Posh, my lovely Dryad. I’ll keep you company tonight and make love to you in front of everyone. In the middle of seven hundred people. They’ll watch me undress you slowly, carefully, worshiping that lovely body of yours. Then make love to you as gently and tenderly as I can.”

Karya’s face turned a dark red color, her throat constricting twice. “Really?” she asked after she got a hold of herself.

“Yes. Really.





Chapter 9



Travel was done at night, moving through the plains as they followed the road south.

They never made contact with any patrols, Elven or otherwise.

It wasn’t surprising considering they were moving through what could only be politely described as a desert. If one wasn’t being polite, you’d call it a sandy death plain where things went to die.

The only thing that gave them the ability to travel through here with so many people, and manage it without losses, was a Dryad’s innate ability to find drinkable water. Karya made it a point to remind him of her contributions and how he could repay her.

Much to her chagrin he continued to spend every other night with Eva. It only made Karya more aggressive during the days it wasn’t her turn.

Thera, for her part, seemed amused by the whole thing. Content that she had no part of the situation as of yet.

“It’s because she knows she’ll get her turn,” Karya said, watching him.

“Huh? What?” Vince asked guiltily, looking at Karya.

“Thera. She’s not as interested anymore, because she’s certain she’ll get her turn eventually. You wouldn’t take Eva without having decided to take them all.”

“I didn’t say anything about that.”

“You didn’t have to. Your face scrunches up when you’re thinking, and you were staring at her. She likes you staring at her, by the way. I know I do.”

“Hmph. You’re fucking with me, aren’t you,” Vince accused, turning his gaze to the beaten road they were taking.

“No. That was last night, Darling, after we stopped just before dawn. My dearest love. Beautiful and sexy man. You embarrassed me terribly. I can’t even think about what you’ve been doing to me without getting excited. I love you so much.”

Vince shook his head with a chuckle. All he’d done was make love to her in front of everyone. She was certainly easier to please than Meliae. That lovely broken Dryad seemed to require deeper and more horrible levels of shame each month.

Soon he’d be walking her around town on a leash as foreplay.

“Maybe when we get home, you can lay me out in the town square at sunset and— What’s that? It feels terribly abnormal.”

Following the direction her arm was pointing, he saw what looked like a clothed lump on the side of the road in the distance.

“Probably a corpse. The Wastes are a terrifying and horrible place. Most especially for humans.”

As they got closer, the tattered and torn clothes flapped in the gentle breeze.

Revealing pale gray skin. Gray skin that belonged to only one person he knew.

“Damn, I think it’s my red eyed stalker. Did she die?”

Picking up his pace, Vince jogged over to her.

Dropping down to one knee over her in the cold sand, he reached up and eased her onto her back.

Her chest rose and fell, though slowly.

Weakly.

Eyelids fluttered open, revealing glowing red eyes.

Eyes full of hunger and a predatory gleam.

A hand shot up and pressed to his leather armor, then stopped dead.

Recognition came into her eyes a second before she dropped her hand to the ground.

“Hunger. No food here. No prey that not yours,” murmured the woman.

“She’s a Cursed One. Not technically an Undead but kinda. I don’t recognize her race but… she almost looks like a Beast tribe. Though way more on the human side of it,” Karya said.

Looking over his shoulder, he found Karya peering over it at the woman.

“Ok?” Vince asked, hoping to get a bit more info from her.

“She was the target of a curse, or put a curse on someone else. Then was devoured by it. She’s… not dead, but not alive. She’s more like a vampire. Feeding on the life force of others.”

“I see. She said there was nothing to eat that didn’t belong to me.”

“Oh,” Karya said, turning her head to look at the distant Elves closing in on them. “I see. There’s very little in the way of life out here.”

Vince frowned, turning his head back to the fallen woman.

“She could have torn your heart out, you realize,” Karya said softly.

“Yes. She didn’t.”

“Would you save her if you could?” she asked in a whisper.

“I… suppose I would. I can’t guarantee it, but I really do believe she was eating the Elven scouts. She’s… a monster but I owe her.”

“Any less monstrous than Kitch? Or Fes?”

“Ahhh… yeah, you’re right. Yes. I would save her.”

“Pick her up. We’ll take her to our next camp and I’ll see what I can do.”

Nodding his head, Vince slid the Cursed woman over his shoulder, pulling her arm across and her leg on the other side.

Balancing her on his shoulders, Vince got back to his feet and started walking forward again.

Karya flitted off without another word, moving into the massive group of Elves and vanishing amongst their number.

“Hunger,” whimpered the woman. Her eyes opened to slits, the red eyes peeking out in between her lids. “Much hunger.”

“I know. I’ll see what I can do just… rest, ok?”

“Rest,” she repeated. Then her eyes closed, and her body slowly went slack. Soft whispering breaths were the only indicator she yet lived.

Putting one foot in front of the other, Vince trundled along, carrying his unexpected visitor.

Karya returned twenty minutes later with two Dryads in tow. And what looked like a rolled up tent in its carrying bag.

He had no idea where she’d gotten it, but he imagined it wouldn’t be a bad idea to put his stalker under cover.

The day would be harsh and he didn’t figure someone already starving to death would do well under an open sun.

“There’s a deep ridge on the west side. If we enter it,” Karya said, lifting a hand to point towards a rocky area near the edge of the road, “we can get some cover for everyone during the day and rest easier.”

Vince only nodded his head with a soft grunt. Turning his feet in that direction, he kept on keeping on.

“Also, I’m certain I can save your stalker. Though it’ll bind her to you, much in the way a Dryad is. Are you willing to be responsible for her?” Karya asked, keeping pace with him.

“Bind her to me? How exactly, and how would I be responsible for her?”

“She’s cursed. Everyone agrees on that point. We can use that curse to bind her to you. A contract.

“As for being responsible for her, you’d be responsible for feeding her. That’d be your part of the contract. She feeds on life force. There’s a few things we can give her that’ll appease her. Won’t even cost you a thing or harm anyone.”

“And what does the contract involve?” Vince asked. His hackles were rising, something wasn’t being said.

Karya sighed and rubbed a hand against her arm. “You’ll have to spit in her mouth, and bleed into her mouth. Your life force is enough in both to form a binding. If she’s willing to contract with you, she’ll be fine. If she’s not, she’ll die.”

Blowing a raspberry, Vince found himself annoyed.

Picking up every stray I come across.

“Alright. I can handle that. I think. She seems… mildly useful for deep Waste missions at least. Is there anything I need to know? Do you actually foresee any problems out of this?”

“No. None at all. Fes will appreciate having more power.”

That she would, actually.

The two Dryads with Karya jogged ahead of them and began setting up the tent. It was larger than he had originally guessed. It would easily fit six people sleeping side by side.

“And who are they?” Vince nodded to the two Dryad women. He couldn’t remember seeing them earlier when they were all planting seeds in him.

“My grove wives,” Karya said with a hint of pride in her voice. “We picked them up recently. They’ll need to put their seeds in you soon, but not yet.”

“Uh…”

Vince wasn’t completely in the know about Dryad culture, but he felt like he knew a fair amount. He’d never heard of this.

“Dryad groves survive by banding together. Men will come and go, but the Dryads remain. Well, other men would have come and gone, you’ll be here as long as we are,” Karya admitted with an energetic laugh.

Stopping in front of the two Dryads as they worked, Karya continued.

“Normally Meliae would get first pick, but I have a need of them, and I’m here. I’ll give up my next set of picks to her so we’re even.

“They’ll serve as my handmaidens and whatever other tasks I give them. As the grove expands, they’ll in turn have their own grove wives to serve in a similar fashion.

“It becomes somewhat of a pyramid. Meliae, Daphne, and myself will be at the peak. These lucky girls will be that second level,” Karya said, gesturing at the two women.

“Can they say no? I mean, it almost sounds akin to slavery.”

“Well. They can’t really say no, it’s part of the oath to the grove. There are limits though. I can’t order them to harm, of themselves or the grove. I can’t order them to sleep with anyone and they’re not allowed to sleep with anyone other than the man of the grove—you, that is—or me,” Meliae said. “But otherwise, they must obey.”

They did go into this willingly… knowingly. They weren’t forced into this and they knew this would be part of joining the grove.

“And do I get to know their names or—”

“Not yet. For now they serve as my wives, and your concubines. In time, you may be given their names depending on how they perform for you. Who knows, maybe in a few years you decide to elevate one to a wife’s position instead of a concubine. Then they’ll move up to the same rank as myself, and I’ll have to get a new wife.” Karya shrugged her shoulders at that.

To her it all seemed like very normal and boilerplate contract laws.

At her casual admission that they could be elevated, both the Dryad women looked up.

The one on the left was slim for a Dryad. Lithe to the point of Elven standards of beauty. She had a narrow waistline, and more than an Elf in the chest.

Dark brown straight hair fell across her shoulders as if it were curtains.

She was unmistakably a Dryad.

Except for the fact that she had one bright blue eye, and one green Dryad eye.

Turning a faint red when she realized Vince was staring at her, the Elven-built Dryad turned her head to the side, getting back to work.

The second Dryad was almost as different from normal Dryads as the first one was.

She couldn’t even be five feet in height unless she was wearing shoes. She looked more like she was four foot ten on a good day.

Small, with a normal build, and curvier than her frame looked like it could support, she seemed almost like a diminutive version of Meliae.

Her face had a dusting of freckles, and her hair was a vibrant and curly red with streaks of gold in it. Unlike her companion though, her eyes were a standard Dryad green.

“Well, that’s different,” Vince said, staring. They were so unlike any Dryad he’d ever seen that he couldn’t look away.

“Indeed! It’s why I picked them. They’re so different than anything else you have that I’m betting they’ll catch your interest. If I can get you to spend more time with them, I get a strong peer who’ll no longer be my wife, but still mine. Best power alliance you can get in a grove.”

“Ah. Smart power play on your part then. Definitely unique though. Very unique.”

“Oh? I did good? You like my wives?” Karya asked, moving in closer to him. “Maybe I should give you their names after all.”

“Actually, I do like them. They’re exactly what you said. Different. Different is good.”

He wouldn’t bother to disguise his interest. They were long past talking about his sexual appetites. And Karya would probably dig at him till he admitted it anyways.

“For now… call them Blue and Green. That’ll be fine till I give you their names,” said Karya, indicating the one with the heterochromia as “Blue” and the short one as “Green”.

Both Dryads couldn’t ignore the conversation if they tried, and both had turned bright red.

Blue’s eyes actually colored accordingly, one eye greening over, the other going a full blue.

In a few seconds more, they finished the tent.

Not waiting for an invitation, Vince stepped in and then gently laid his stalker down on the ground against a tent wall.

“By the way, Darling,” Karya said, entering the tent. “Eva won’t be available tonight. I’m afraid your evening entertainment is Dryad. I do hope we’ll be enough for you.”

Blue and Green stepped into the tent, Blue taking a minute to button up the flaps. Green had a low folding chair in hand and set it in the center of the tent.

“Three performers, one stage.” Karya stepped in close to him and then quickly and easily began undressing him.

Vince snorted and then shrugged. “Fine.”

Far be it from him to say no to a four-way with Dryads.

“Blue, Green, get your tops off and then get over here,” Karya ordered, her fingers deftly working at Vince’s belt. “He likes to watch as you work.”

Flipping the tongue of the leather out of the buckle she unhitched it. Hooking her fingers into his underclothes, she kneeled down and pulled him out of his pants, boxers, socks, and boots.

“Sit on the edge, Darling. They’ll need easy access.” Karya eased him onto the chair, then spread his knees apart with a quick move of her hands.

“Blue, Green, kneel. Time for you to show how much you paid attention during my lesson.”

Moving around behind him, Karya nibbled at his earlobe and whispered for him alone. “Forgive me, I must train my wives eventually, and tonight is a good night. Not everyone had a mother as knowledgeable and powerful as Meliae. These poor girls don’t know a thing about men. I’ve been giving them as much information as I can since I chose them.”

Vince looked from one Dryad to the other, both of them kneeling between his knees.

His member stood at full mast, pointing at the spot between them, waiting for attention.

Karya certainly knew his tastes and had aimed to please him.

“Ok, Blue, I need you to put that lovely rod of his in your mouth just like we talked about,” Karya commanded. She wrapped her arms around Vince’s shoulders and laid her mouth next to his ear.

Blue eased her head down and hesitantly wrapped her lips around Vince’s length.

“Green, you slide underneath. You’ll need to use your tongue till it’s your turn. Focus on his balls and the spot between his sack and his… well…. butthole. See what he likes, memorize it.”

Vince raised his eyebrows at that as Green ducked down. He felt her tongue immediately slide from his balls all the way up his taint.

Stiffening for a second, he relaxed as her tongue moved back down.

He really wasn’t quite sure how he felt about it, but it was definitely different.

“Blue, you need to suck a bit more firmly on it, but not too firmly. He needs to feel the friction of your tongue and lips as well as the suction. Your goal is to make sure you go from hilt to tip every time. Get your nose pressed into his stomach and your chin in his nuts.

“Use your hands to stroke his inner thighs and swirl your tongue like we practiced.”

Blue looked up at Vince and lanced him with those lovely miscolored eyes. Completely colored over, she didn’t look away as she began to bob her head up and down accordingly to Karya’s instructions.

Her cheeks puckered as she sucked hard on his shaft, her tongue rolling back and forth along the underside.

Green’s tongue worked his jewels fervently, her lips nibbling and sucking at them occasionally. Every now and then she’d send an adventurous lick down his taint to gauge his reaction.

Blue picked up her pace steadily. Her head and mouth moving, shifting, changing how she gave head as she watched Vince for his every reaction.

She would gauge him, then adapt accordingly.

Her skill was rapidly improving. She was enthusiastic to learn his desires, it seemed.

Karya’s tongue slipped into his ear, her breath warmly washing down the side of his neck. The skin on his neck and chest prickled at her distracting mouth.

Reaching out he laid a hand on Blue’s head, guiding her to speed up a touch.

“Ah, ah. Darling, she can’t finish you. That’s my job,” Karya said in a teasing whisper. Her lips closed on his earlobe and gave it a tug.

Karya released his ear and then pointed a finger at Blue.

“Blue, good work. Switch with Green.”

Releasing his member with a pop, Blue gave him a wide smile, then dropped down out of sight.

Green reappeared, her freckled face pink as she immediately inhaled him. Straight down to the hilt.

Her thick red curls bounced off her shoulders and jaw as she went straight to the same speed Blue had been moving at.

“Good work, Green, you were listening better than I thought.”

Smiling around him, Green made a humming noise of agreement. The vibration of her lips made Vince quiver in her grasp.

Then she pushed down hard, wedging his girth in her throat and began to gently swallow.

Her wide green eyes in that tiny petite face made him look huge between those full little lips.

Blue spared him not at all either, and sent far more of her traveling licks towards his taint. Only to pause and quite literally pull one of his nuts into her mouth completely.

Vince bucked at the attention, his hips tightening up.

“Goodness. You girls sure do learn fast. That or he really did need something out of the ordinary. Calm down, Darling. You don’t want to deprive Green of her learning experience, do you? If you get too close, I’ll have to take over. They’re not allowed to have your seed yet. It’d be unfair to the other Dryads who haven’t been picked yet.”

Green eased him out of her throat and began to diligently work him back and forth, staring him down as she smiled around him. Her lips pulled tight and her cheeks flexed as she sucked hard on him.

Vince chuckled without a care for Karya’s words and reached out, grabbing Green’s head with both hands.

He wanted to finish. Being overstimulated, his body demanded it.

Green whimpered happily and relaxed herself in his hands. Vince began to force her up and down faster and faster, the Dryad taking the abuse eagerly and doing her best to suck and lick him to death.

“Oh, Darling. Stop it.” Karya laughed and moved around to the front, releasing him.

With the gentlest of pushes, Karya eased Green out of Vince’s grasp and then pushed her down with Blue. “Get under there and help her out. I’ll finish him.”

Karya dropped down between the other two Dryads, and caught his tip with her full lips. She gave him a slow wink and rolled her tongue around the head. The tip of her tongue rubbing and flicking all over it.

Then she began moving back and forth slowly. Her lips pressing firmly to him as she gave him the perfect amount of suction.

Moaning around him, her eyes partially closed, gazing up at him from lidded eyes.

As if she knew he couldn’t handle much more, she suddenly began ramming him down her throat. No sooner had he filled her throat, than she slid him back out to the tip.

Her hands came up and began to knead and squeeze the base of his shaft as she repeatedly deep throated him.

Urging him. Demanding him to finish.

Now.

Blue and Green’s tongues slid up and down his balls, sucking on them and pulling with small nibbles of their teeth. Their tongues entwining here and there as they fought over his jewels.

Shuddering, Vince climaxed into his Dryad’s mouth.

Easing herself halfway down his shaft, she sucked roughly on him. Pulling at him even as her fingers milked him. Traveling back and forth along his length.

Groaning he leaned his head back, Blue and Green unceasing as Karya played catcher.

As his orgasm died away, Karya reached down and squeezed his balls, milking him in earnest as if she wanted to wring every drop from him.

Taking her time, she stroked away at him as she sucked and licked.

Eventually she pulled back, releasing him from her mouth.

Using the tip of her index finger, she guided what remnants of his seed could be seen on him into her mouth.

She gave him a smile and patted Blue and Green on the back.

Both of her grove wives sat up.

“Grove husband, our mistress requires you to cut your palm,” said Blue.

“Then you must also be prepared to spit, Grove husband,” said Green.

“What?” he asked, his voice sounding groggy even to his own ears.

“Please cut your palm and bleed into the Cursed One’s mouth,” Blue clarified.

“Then please spit into her mouth after that,” Green added.

“You must do this to bind her to yourself,” Blue said.

“Providing she agrees,” explained Green.

Karya had already moved over to the Cursed One. She’d gotten down on her knees beside her and eased her head back, pulling on her jaw to open her mouth.

Vince watched curiously, unsure of what was going on.

Karya looked up, and saw him watching. She gave him a sultry smile and languidly leaned down. She opened her mouth an inch above the stalker’s, making eye contact with Vince the entire time, and let his thick seed dribble out slowly between her lips.

And into the open mouth of the semi-conscious red eyed stalker. The same one he’d told Karya to bind to him in a contract.





Chapter 10



“Orcs. Orc territory,” hissed Red, slinking up to Vince’s side.

Looking over at the Cursed One, Vince still felt odd about her and what had happened between them.

After being fed his seed, blood, and spit, she’d perked right up. Almost in an unbelievable fashion. Up and about within an hour of the deed being done

Karya confirmed that Red, a nickname she’d given her personally, had accepted the contract and would follow his instructions.

That had been several days ago, and as far as he could tell, she hadn’t eaten anyone. Or anything.

“Good work, Red,” Vince said. Reaching out he smoothed her hair back and gave the base of her ears a scritch and a scratch.

Red purred and slammed into his side, pushing her head into his hand.

They’d found out early on that her strength and agility were incredible. She also had senses that made Vince’s look paltry.

If a Ranger had to have a pet, a Cursed One apparently was the way to go.

“Yes. Scratch, scratch. Scratch tail?” Red pushed her hips into his crotch, her tail lifting up.

He’d managed to talk her into wearing clothes that weren’t destroyed, but only after he’d cut a hole for her tail to go through.

Reaching into that hole, he began to gently scratch and rub at the base of her tail.

It was a consistent request of hers as a reward for things she did.

Now she hunted constantly for things so she could be rewarded.

Red purred deeply, pushing her bottom into his hand, when he started to pull back.

“No stop. Scratch, scratch. Scratch Red. Red scout. Found Orcs. Many, many Orcs. Orcs as many as Elves. Scratch?”

Vince blinked. It wasn’t good news, but the fact that she’d found it was incredibly good news.

Digging his nails into the base of her tail he scratched at it. Reaching over with his other hand, he started to rub and finger her ears as well.

“Very good job, Red. Very, very good job,” Vince said. Positive reinforcement was a big, big deal to her.

“Red good. Red need to feed. Today, tomorrow.”

Nodding his head, he put it on his to do list.

Find some prey. Bring it down alive, feed her the heart, eat the meat.

“I’ll feed you, yes. Go, make sure they don’t sneak up on us. You’re allowed to kill and eat anything that gets too close,” Vince said, giving her a light shove.

Red was more solid than she looked, and his push did nothing but move her an inch.

Nodding her head, Red gave him a feral grin, long canines sliding free of her lips. Her red reflective eyes flashed at him before she darted off.

“She’s like an animal, Lord,” Thera said, moving in close to his side.

“Master, is she truly safe?” Eva asked from his left.

“As safe as we can make her. Alright, tell everyone back there to slow down. We’ll need to figure this out before we move through the area. After this is a straight shot north to home.”

Thera nodded her head once. “I’m glad for that, Lord. I envy your time with Eva, but I’d prefer my first to be at home, rather than out here.”

For a split second, Vince wasn’t sure how to reply.

Then he realized what he wanted to say was what he needed to say.

“Agreed. It wouldn’t be fair to you when Eva had a chance to enjoy herself the first time. You might need to wait depending on how Fes, Petra, and Meliae are when we get home though,” Vince said, giving her a straight answer.

“I… yes, Lord. I will wait.” She turned her head to the side, but Vince would have had to have been deaf to not hear the smile in her words.

“Good. Now, how do we want to handle the Orcs? Red didn’t specify how large the territory is. Maybe if we knew their number that’d give us an idea. She said as many as the Elves but… I honestly can’t believe she can count. Sorry,” Vince said with a shrug. He didn’t want to sound rude, but it just didn’t seem likely to him.

Karya laughed softly, stretching her arms above her head.

He couldn’t help it when his eyes were instantly attracted to her impressive chest as she thrust it forward at him.

“I love it when you look at me,” Karya said, dropping her arms back down.

Vince somehow managed to strip his eyes from her and looked to Thera instead, giving her a frown and shake of his head.

Thera stared back at him, and then smiled at him. She deliberately lifted her arms above her head invitingly. As if she’d grown more confident from his earlier statement.

Playing along for a moment, Vince stared at the Dark Elf’s chest. Right up until she clearly got embarrassed and turned away, looking off into the distance.

“As to their numbers. She’s right. Something around six hundred heartbeats. It’s a very large Orc group. As to their territory, it’d take us a few days to skirt it. We don’t really have the resources for that.”

“Great,” Vince muttered. “Options?”

“Go through the mountains,” Eva offered.

“Across the territory at night?” Thera asked.

“Challenge for the right to cross. No Orc could stand up to you,” Karya supplied.

Vince stroked his fingers along his jaw and chin.

It wasn’t a bad idea actually. He could easily challenge them for the right to cross unhindered. He might even be able to challenge them for some food and water as well.

“Claim you have a Fes, name her per custom, and state that you’re challenging for the right to cross,” Karya said, urging him onward.

He’d challenged Orc leaders before, and they’d always respected a win.

Sighing, Eva shifted her weight from one foot to the other. Frustration and annoyance were clear in her body posture. “Master, I don’t like it but… it’s probably the best answer. I can’t imagine someone beating you in single combat. Ever.”

Thera let out a slow groan, her hands flexing. “I dislike this, Lord.”

“Yeah. I don’t much care for it either. I’ve never challenged for a group this large. But… it’s the quickest, shortest, and most likely to succeed. If we tried to go through or around, we could end up being forced to do the same thing anyways.” Vince shook his head. “No, Karya is right. Easier to challenge their leader, or leaders, and win. Move on, move through. If they try to renege, you two lovely Elves turn them to ash. I imagine the daily power refills have put you on another level?”

Both Elves nodded, staring out at the desolate landscape ahead of them.

Sighing, Vince looked to Karya. “You, Blue, and Green stay here and keep an eye out. Get everyone hunkered down. We’ll head over to the Orc camp in the morning. I’ll send Red over when we’re done.”

Looking back to the stretch of Waste in front of them, he shook his head.

“And speaking of Red. She said I need to feed her, so I’ll need to take an hour and go on the hunt for her.”

Karya coughed delicately. “Uhm, darling? You know I love you, right?”

Slowly, Vince turned his eyes on Karya, feeling an unknown anger already.

“I do know it. And I love you, too. But I think I’m going to be angry. I’m going to be angry, aren’t I?”

“Well, you see. Your contract with Red is that you have to feed her.”

“Yes, I’m aware.”

“You have to feed her your blood, or your seed.”

Vince blinked twice, his breath catching in his chest.

“I’d say the best bet is to have me, Blue, or Green fetch it out of you and feed her. Or you could let Red do it but I’m not sure she wouldn’t bite. Uhm, or just… pleasure yourself into her mouth?”

Karya looked suddenly unsure of herself at his lack of a reply.

“Darling?”

Letting out a slow breath, Vince turned his head back to the Orc territory in front of them. “I’m going to punish you somehow for this. I don’t know how yet, but I’m going to. Maybe use Blue and Green in front of you on your next turn when we’re home. Where you can only watch without touching or participating.”

“Darling… don’t be unreasonable,” Karya whined, pouting prettily.



Red stalked along behind him, shadowing him.

She was as perky and energetic as could be after her meal.

He’d taken a few minutes to “feed her” since he promised he would.

In the end he’d settled for having her kneel and then taking care of himself into her mouth.

The unfortunate part was it appealed to the dark twisted dominating part of his mind that told him to break his Dryads in half.

He enjoyed feeding Red.

Thera and Eva of course flanked him as they marched inexorably towards the Orc encampment.

They could actually see the ramshackle “village” in the distance. To Vince it looked more like a number of shanty towns he’d seen on the fringes of human society.

There really are no differences, are there. We’re all the same, just separated by our skin.

A loud barking challenge cut through his thoughts.

Several Orcs charged at him from a position they’d been using to watch from.

As they closed in on him, Vince held up a hand above his head.

“I challenge your leader to combat!” Vince shouted, unsheathing his saber and holding it out in front of himself. Thinking rapidly, he recalled the word for challenge from his language lessons with Fes. Barking the single word at the Orcs he waited, his saber still held sideways in front of himself.

The trio of green-skins slowed at that, but didn’t stop. They had their weapons at the ready, eyes moving between Vince and his companions.

Shouting the same word again, Vince pumped his arm holding his saber, drawing their attention to it.

Finally, as if they hadn’t quite believed they’d heard the word the first time, they stopped and looked at one another.

Letting out an annoyed grunt, Vince kept walking. He wasn’t going to let them slow him down. He wanted to be quit of the wastes and back home.

He showed them contempt and disdain in equal measure, Vince walked right up to them and then passed by them without a care.

Vince had to shove one backwards with his left hand when it stepped in close as he went by; otherwise he ignored them.

One of the green-skins took off running in the direction Vince was heading. The other two moved further away but kept pace with him on his march.

“Truly subtle, Lord,” Thera drawled.

“Polite behavior at its finest, Master,” Eva concurred.

“Ignore weak prey. No life force. Bad meal. Good Bringer,” Red said defiantly.

“Bringer?” Vince asked, looking back at the strange creature.

“Food bringer. You bring. Red feed,” Red said, nodding her head heavily.

“Oooookay then. At least one of you approves.” Vince shook his head, looking forward.

“Red not hungry. Red would eat if rewarded though,” said the Cursed One.

“Sure. I’ll feed you again tonight. You just keep giving me those positive thoughts and support.”

Let’s train her early and hard then. Lots of positive reinforcement.

Red slammed her hip into his side, sending him stumbling for a step.

“Scritch scratch tail,” she demanded.



As they got ever closer to their goal, it began to resemble a boiling anthill more than anything else. Orcs of every shape and size rushing about.

It almost looked as if they were in a state of panic.

“Something isn’t quite right, Lord.”

“No, no it isn’t, Thera,” Vince agreed.

“They’re not unified, Master. They’re fragmented,” Eva said after a pause.

Ah. She’s right.

In looking at it with that in mind, he clearly saw it was a bunch of smaller groups. Clans and families that were separate.

Must be a recent gathering. They’re not used to living with one another yet.

Orcs began to make way before them, forming a channel that Vince had to guess was invariably leading him to the leader of this large group.

Or leaders maybe?

That could be the problem.

Red ranged out in front of him, glaring at everyone and anything. Her clawed fingers flexed menacingly as her red eyes swept back and forth.

Thera and Eva were on high alert as well, their weapons drawn and ready.

Several Orcs stood at the end of the press of bodies. Two looked to be in their prime while the third was significantly older. His hair was black with streaks of grey in it. His face had the wrinkles gained from a life spent hard.

Walking straight to the three of them, Vince held his sword up above his head.

“By my right, and the honor I hold with my Fes, I challenge you for the right for my party to pass unrestricted through your lands, as well as for food and water.”

The old Orc’s brooding face soured and his brows came down over his lumpy face in consternation. “You have a Fes?”

“My Fes is named Berenga. She is currently pregnant with our first and could not come on my hunting trip. I and my people are returning to her now, and must cross your lands.”

“Pregnant?” The old Orc paused, then shook his head once. Eyeing Vince again he seemed to consider the situation. His eyes flicked to Red, Thera, and finally Eva.

Nodding his white haired head, the Orc waved a hand at Vince. “Go. Go in pe—”

“I accept your challenge, since this old cur won’t!” shouted one of the younger Orcs. Stepping to the side he backhanded the elder, sending the older Orc to the ground.

Then the challenger ripped free a big war axe that was strapped to his back. “To the death! Fight now!” roared the Orc. As if it were the most natural thing in the world, he began to pull his axe back to swing at Vince.

Unsheathing his saber, Vince went in fast and swift. Three steps and he’d closed the distance.

Lunging forward, the tip of his saber was aimed perfectly for the Orc’s throat.

Stumbling backward as fast as it could, the Orc raised a hand up in defense.

Only to lose two fingers as the saber connected.

As Vince began to pull back to a neutral stance, the Orc struggled forward, trying to ignore its injury.

Lifting the axe up over his head, the Orc made a forward lunge.

Stepping to the side, giving up on trying to get back to a neutral state, Vince crossed one foot over the other.

Moving forward the Orc practically fell past Vince, his axe leading the way.

Snapping out his left hand with lightning speed, Vince snatched the back of the Orc’s hair as he went.

Drawing up his saber over the Orc’s head as he stepped in close he dropped the blade to the green neck. At the same time he pulled on the Orc’s hair.

Bending the Orc backward at an unnatural angle, Vince stared into the crowd. As coldly as you could filet a fish, Vince began to saw his saber back and forth through the Orc’s throat.

Gurgling and sputtering could be heard.

Then the whistling of a windpipe and the spatter of raspy breathing through blood drowned everything out like a thunderstorm.

Vince turned his eyes on the young Orc who had acted as a lieutenant. Waiting for two beats of his heart Vince turned his sword over to rest the point on the Orc’s chest.

Then he pushed it into the dying Orc’s chest at his feet. Straight into his heart.

With a twist of the blade he pulled his sword back out.

Dumping the soon to be corpse face forward into the grass, Vince flicked his blade out to the side, sending blood spraying into the crowd as it flew free from his sword.

His opponent hadn’t been unskilled, he simply underestimated Vince. If anything, he was as strong and as fast as Fes.

“Next,” Vince said without humor, tilting his head to one side.

The other young Orc was panting, a sword held loosely in one hand. Vince wasn’t sure if he’d attack out of rage or simply swallow it.

“Make sure it’s a challenge. I’d hate to kill you in cold blood,” Vince said, pointing his saber at the visibly angry Orc.

Snuffling, the sword moving back and forth in small twitches, the Orc seemed unsure now.

“As I’ve now conquered your champion, I’ll take my passage. As well as a small amount of food and water,” Vince said, lowering his blade.

The old Orc was standing now, blood flowing down from a cut on his cheek. His eyes were stuck on the dead Orc between them.

“For what it’s worth, I had no desire to kill him. I only wished to pass through. He didn’t need to die,” Vince said without concern.

Vince slipped his sword into its sheath and looked to Thera.

At that moment the younger Orc screamed a bloody yell and leapt at Vince.

Red was there in a flash, one clawed hand burrowing into the Orc’s throat as if it were made of clay.

Yanking her hand free with a gob of flesh in it she eyed it critically. Then Red licked at the bloody mess and made a face.

The charging Orc fell to his knees, his hands pressed to his gaping throat.

“Finish him, Red. There’s no need to let him suffer,” Vince murmured.

Red looked at him and blinked, her red eyes glittering. “Red understands.”

Lifting her gore-filled hand up, she stepped around behind her kill. Then her hand shot out, her fingers shearing the Orc’s spine.

As if he were a tree top cut from its trunk, the Orc limply dropped to the grass.

Looking around, Red shifted her stance until it looked as if she were imitating Vince.

“Next,” she growled, dropping the fleshy chunk that had still been in her hand. Then she moved her head to the side, in the same manner Vince had.

Imitation is the greatest form of flattery. I guess.

Slowly, the old Orc got down to his knees in front of Vince and bent his head down.

“We will honor your victory, and apologize for the shame of our second attacking you outside of a challenge.”

Vince didn’t care one way or the other, and was simply happy to be done with this.

“Fine, I accept. We’ll take some food, water, and be on our way,” Vince said. Turning to Eva he pointed a thumb back the way they came. “Off with you, my Wood Elf, go get everyone moving.”

Ducking her head, Eva was off in a flash.

“Ah, the warmaster had just ordered his meal to be cooked. He’d caught his own meat and brought it back,” said the elder, motioning to a big black cauldron hanging over a stack of unlit wood.

“Oh? Stew?” Vince walked over to the cauldron.

“Yes, we’d just begun letting the meat marinate. It was meant to be his meal, so now it’s yours.”

Oddly, the cauldron had a latch on it.

Some form of pressure cooking?

Unwinding the latch, Vince pulled the lid off and looked inside.

He couldn’t help it, they’d been eating very limited amounts of food for days.

Hunger was his name.

Except that what was inside wasn’t a stew.

It was a head. A head that was staring back at him.

Large purple eyes glared at him. They had a purple iris with glittering sparks in them. They were also so large that she couldn’t possibly be human.

Those purple eyes were set in an elegantly sculpted face with very clean features. She had a sharp jawline and delicate cheekbones.

Her hair was a dirty blonde color and plastered to her face and neck. It probably fell down to just past her shoulders when it wasn’t soaking wet.

She was watching him watch her. While she sat there wading in what could only be soup stock.

A carrot bobbed up against her chin and then slowly floated away from her.

“Hey there,” Vince said finally.

“You stink of life magic,” said the woman in a surprisingly high pitched voice.

“Oh. I see.” Vince set the lid back down and latched it tight.

Inside the pot, the woman had started yelling. Vince could hear the sound of her fists hitting the inside of the pot in between her shouts.





Chapter 11



Locking eyes with the elder, Vince pointed a finger at the pot. “There’s a woman in that pot,” he said slowly.

“It’s a Gnome,” the elder said, bowing his head. “The warmaster caught her and had decided to eat her for dinner. He has… had… an unclean preference for cooking his meal alive. Would you prefer the game killed and cleaned properly first?” asked an Orc who moved up beside their elder.

It would seem they didn’t have a problem eating other races.

At least they have a problem with cooking her alive?

Behind him, the gnome continued to shout and bang on the inside of the cauldron.

“That’s… ok. I think I’ll just—” Vince stopped, hesitating. He wasn’t sure what to say. He didn’t owe the Gnome anything, but neither did he really like the idea of leaving her in a pot to be cooked and eaten because he didn’t lift a finger. “I’ll… take her with me and eat her later. I’m not that hungry right now. I’d be perfectly happy with some bread.”

“Bread,” the elder said, staring at him.

She’s… probably naked.

“Bread. Could you fetch me the Gnome’s clothes while you’re getting me the bread? Something to dry off with, too.”

The old Orc walked off, calling to several other Orcs as he went. All around them the gathering of green-skins broke up. A few remained behind to watch and gawk, but even they left when it was apparent the entertainment was over.

That or when Vince stared at them till they moved on.

Glancing over his shoulder when the Gnome went silent, Vince found Red peering into the giant pot.

“Red is my name. Red thinks you’re rude to Bringer. Red should kill you. Eat the red thing in your chest,” growled the Cursed One.

“O-o-o-oh my. I… I… I’m sorry,” came the echoing reply.

“Red,” Vince called.

Guiltily, the cat woman’s head whipped around, her red eyes focused entirely on Vince.

“Get her out of there. We’ll be letting her go after we get out of here. Don’t hurt her,” Vince ordered.

“Red will do this,” said the Cursed One. Looking into the pot, her hand shot forward. The splash of water and a choked squeak were the only indication of what’d happened.

Before he could say anything, Red lifted the Gnome out by her neck.

The diminutive woman kicked her feet back and forth as her hands pried at Red’s wrist.

She was indeed wearing only her birthday suit.

Her body was undersized, but not disproportionately so. She seemed more like a small human than anything. Everything fit and looked right.

She even managed to sport what looked like a full B-cup to Vince.

“Red put small woman down?” she asked.

“Yes, put her down on the grass. She’s not going anywhere. Don’t hurt her.”

“Red not hurt Bringer’s Gnome,” agreed Red, nodding.

Setting her down on the grass, Red watched closely. As if daring the Gnome to run so she could chase her down.

So predatory that it hurts. I wonder how Fes will react.

Taking gasping breaths, the Gnome covered her chest with one arm as her hand snaked down towards her privates.

Taking a moment to compare her height to Red, he’d probably put her at a maximum of four feet tall.

She glared at Vince, her big purple eyes swirling with color and motes of light.

“And what would you have of me then?”

Reaching out he plucked a chunk of potato free from her hair and flicked it aside.

“Nothing. Though you’re supposed to be my dinner by virtue of the fact of those two corpses,” Vince said, nodding at the two dead Orcs. “For now, I’ve asked for your clothes back and some bread. I plan on leaving as soon as my people arrive. After we quit this place, do as you will. I care not.”

Vince shrugged his shoulders and turned to Thera. “How long do you think it’ll be?”

“An hour, Lord. They’ll move quickly.”

“Great, go round up what food and water they can spare but don’t overdo it. If they don’t have anything, hit the surrounding areas and see what we can bring down.”

“D-d-don’t ignore me,” came the muttered voice of the Gnome.

Turning his head towards the Gnome he held up his hands apologetically. “I’m sorry, I thought our conversation was through. Was there something more?”

“Why is it that a mage of life magic has a familiar born of curse magic?”

“You mean, Red? Well, first she’s not my familiar she’s…. actually I wouldn’t even know how to word what she is to me. As to me being a life mage, not at all. I’m a Ranger.”

“You reek of life magic. It bleeds off of you. You’re untrained in magic?”

Vince wrinkled his nose at the memory of Elysia trying to train him in Elven magic. “I had someone try to teach me Elven magic and it failed miserably.”

An Orc came over and dropped a pile of clothes onto the grass next to the Gnome and what looked to be a torn tunic.

“First, my name is Leila,” said Leila the Gnome. Fidgeting with herself she pressed her legs tightly together and then took the hand from her nether region to pick up the ripped tunic. She began to dry herself off with it.

She made the occasional sound of disgust as she dislodged bits of whatever had been in the pot with her.

“Name’s Vince.”

“As for Elf magic. Of course it did. Elven magic requires Elven blood,” grumped Leila.

Her cheeks turned a furious red as she tried to dry off her thighs without revealing more of herself.

Sighing, Vince turned to the side and faced away from the small woman.

“Oh god, what is that?” said Leila. “Is… is it meat?”

“You were saying?” Vince prompted.

“Magic! Yes. Elven magic requires their blood. So of course it failed. Proper magic is done through study and proper conduits,” Leila said excitedly. The nervous woman vanished somewhere between talking about anything other than magic, and talking about magic.

Fan of magic are we?

“Conduits like how?”

In the distance Vince could see his rabble of Elves on the move. They were on the horizon but still a very long way off.

“Oh, simple things. Wands, pendants, rings. Each conduit is unique in the making and is different for everyone. Proper conduits will end up getting replaced as the mage grows in power.”

“And where’s yours?” Vince asked, moving his eyes back to the Gnome.

He got an impressive view of her chest and nethers as she worked herself into what looked like a sundress.

For as different as people claimed they were, Gnomes seemed incredibly similar to short Humans.

Then her head popped out the top and her huge purple eyes were staring back at him. Her cheeks turned an instant crimson as she yanked the hem of her dress down, covering herself.

“I-I-I was in the middle of changing conduits. It takes a few days to make them. When that Orc caught me,” Leila said, her hands straightening her clothes as best as she could.

“Hm,” Vince said, staring at Leila for a few more seconds. The Gnome squirmed, turning her profile to him as if to limit herself. She began to work at her hair, trying in vain to dry it of the soup stock.

“Probably should get yourself a new conduit then.”

“I shall. Where are you going?”

“Yosemite city.”

“Yosemite city? I don’t think I’ve heard of it,” mused the Gnome.

“Not surprising. Alright, well, you do what you need to do.”

Scratching at his cheek, Vince sighed.

“Come on, Red. Let’s go poke around some.” Vince turned and set off. He didn’t want to sit idle.

“Red is unsure of the meaning to ‘poke around.’”

“Look for food. See if we can find anything to feed our people.”

“Feed? Bringer will feed Red? Reward for Red?” asked the Cursed One as she scampered up to his side.

Fighting for control with his inner demon as the monster in his loins rose up screaming at him, Vince considered her request.

It couldn’t hurt to let off a bit of steam. Could it? It’s not like it’d hurt her and she’s asking for it.

“Sure. Why not.”

“What if I taught you magic?” shouted Leila at his back.

Stopping dead in his tracks, Vince looked to the grass in front of him.

He knew he was full of power. He constantly drained it into the Elves to empower them. What if he could actually use it directly?

“And what’s the price for such an education?” Vince asked, not turning around.

“Food, shelter, the chance to study you and your familiar.”

“Fine.” Vince started walking again.

A simple bargain. Or so he hoped.



Thera had been right on the timeline. The Elves arrived fairly quickly.

Unfortunately though, there hadn’t been much they could take from the Orcs without endangering their own ability to feed themselves.

Vince was no tyrant.

Standing to the side as his weary group of Elves trooped along, he couldn’t help but look forward to getting home.

And dread it at the same time.

He was a Ranger. Born and bred practically.

To him the rolling Wastes were a danger and a threat all their own, but they were also a second home.

His actual home was just where he put his boots up between runs.

How long would he be trapped in Yosemite this time before he found a reason to escape?

A week? A month?

A year?

Sighing, Vince scrubbed his face with his hands, dreading the idea of being locked up in Yosemite for a while.

At least he wasn’t alone though. He did have everyone.

And children. I… I should have children by this point. Right? I should have kids waiting for me.

Shuddering from head to toe, he didn’t know how to process that thought.

“Bringer cold?” Red asked, her reflective eyes glued to him.

Snorting, he shook his head and shifted his weight from one foot to the other. “No. Just thinking about what’s waiting for me when we get home.”

“Oh. What is waiting for Bringer?” Red inquired, moving over to sit in front of him.

“Children,” Karya said, leaning on her staff as she watched the Elves walk by. “A few children.”

“Bringer has small ones?” Red asked, staring down any Orc who would make eye contact with her.

“I do now. Several of my wives were pregnant when I left. They were due to be born while we were away. Not sure what to do with them when I get there. Never been good with children.”

“You’ll do fine, Master. Things will work out,” Eva said.

“Yes, Lord. All it takes is patience and practice,” agreed Thera.

“Bringer do fine.”

The end of the mob of Elves was coming. They’d fall in behind that section and carry the rear in case the Orcs decided to do something.

The rest of the Dryads were spread out to keep everyone moving and together.

Across the way, the old Orc was walking in their direction. Behind him, a large number of Orcs had been forming up.

“What’s this then,” Vince murmured, watching.

As the last Elves passed, the Orcs turned away from their camp, and began trundling along after the Elves.

On their backs, in their arms, and in small wagons were whatever possessions they decided to take with themselves.

What the hell is going on?

“Before you ask, yes,” the old Orc said, coming to stand in front of Vince. “You’re the new warmaster, and they plan on following you. Anyone who can command a legion of Elves, defeat their champions, and not dishonor them is worthy of being followed.

“I am Bermeen, and I will follow.” Turning on his heel, Bermeen began marching along with his fellow green-skins.

Unable to get a word in edgewise, Vince was shut down completely.

Leila started giggling loudly, and then practically tried to cower into herself when Vince looked at her.

“What’s so funny then?” he asked.

“Oh, n-nothing. You just happen to have picked up the better part of the largest Orc enclave that’s been seen in a long while. While marching a huge army of Elves through.”

“And?” Vince asked.

“How exactly is one human going to keep them all in check as slaves?” Leila asked.

Now it was Vince’s turn to laugh.

Thera, Eva, and Karya started laughing after a moment as well.

“What’s so funny?” Leila asked.

“You have no idea what Yosemite city is, do you?” Karya asked, standing upright.

“No. I’m new to this area. I came from the east, why?”

“You’ll see,” Karya said, melding herself into Vince’s side. “Darling, I’ve made arrangements with Eva so I could have you to myself until we get home. Do take good care of me.”

A Fairy came in fast, a trail of glittering lights behind them with the speed of their approach. It slowed as it reoriented itself. Then it was off like a rock from a sling, heading straight for him. Coming to a stop with violent wing flaps, this unfamiliar fairy hovered above him.

“Master! Elysia is north of here, heading towards you with supplies and troops. Frit is running a forward patrol and will be here shortly. Can I take a message from you?”

Vince grinned at the fairy, his worries suddenly spent and gone as if they’d never existed.

“Yeah. Tell Elysia she’s beautiful and I owe her another favor,” Vince said, shaking his head.

The fairy shot off back towards the north.

“For her to be this far south, she set off the day she got the message. Your sister is wonderful,” Vince commented, looking at Thera and Eva.

Both Elves nodded their heads in return, smiling. It was apparent that their own worries had evaporated in the same way his had.

“Alright. Let’s get the Orcs and Elves aware of the situation. The last thing we need is a bunch of unarmed civilians getting into a fight with our own army.” Vince leapt into a jog, heading for the north to head off any potential disaster before it could start.

“I’ll work from the rear upwards and have the word spread,” Karya said. “I’m not made for running. Come on, Leila, you can keep me company.”

Vince caught Red’s eye and nodded towards Leila and Karya. “Keep ’em safe.”

Red gave her hair a shake as if to argue, then snorted and went to follow Karya.

Thera and Eva paced along with him. Their lithe graceful forms powering along beside him.

Quickly they caught up to the lead elements of the Elves.

“Break off and let them know what’s going on, Thera,” Vince got out between breaths.

The Dark Elf gave him a nod and turned on a dime, her form shimmering as she obeyed orders.

It wasn’t long after that when Vince found he was rapidly closing in on what he could only guess was the forward scouting party for Frit.

Except it wasn’t really.

It was Elysia and Petra along with a squad of Frit’s people.

Slowing down he came to a stop in front of Elysia.

“My liege, it’s… so good to see you,” said the High Elf, a smile blazing free across her face as she inclined her head towards him.

“This one is very pleased to see her master,” Petra said, closing in on him.

Before he had a chance to do or say anything, she had him off the ground and pressed into her breastplate.

“Ha, hey there Petra. I mis—” Vince managed to say before she started kissing him roughly.

“Petra, put our lie—Petra, put him down,” Elysia said with a laugh.

After several seconds of ravaging his face, Petra moved him a foot backwards. She didn’t put him down though.

“This one apologizes, she missed you.”

“It’s alright. I missed you too. Though, should you be up and around? I mean…?” He left the question open. He wasn’t sure what the news would be.

As if sensing his internal distress, Elysia cleared her throat. “I won’t reveal the genders just yet, by request of Meliae, but all four were born healthy and whole.”

Petra gave him a wide grin, her eyes having never left his face. “This one bore you a son. He is human and looks perfect,” she said with no small amount of pride. “This one is positive he will live to defend our home well.”

“Glad to hear it, Petra. Did you pick out a name? I know we talked about a few but we never settled on one.”

“This one named him for his father. He is Vincent of Yosemite the second of Yosemite. Minnie told this one about how names can carry on a lineage of their own.”

Blinking at the thought of a son carrying his name, he could only reach up and lightly pat her cheek.

“I thank you. Now, if you promise to put me down, I’ll give your thorax a good scrub down later tonight.”

“Truly?”

“Yes, truly.”

Petra slowly set him on the ground. It was clear she didn’t quite want to, but his offer had her tempted.

“Now, Elysia. Fancy meeting you here,” Vince said, waving a hand at the open land around them. “What brings you here, when I swore you were supposed to be my second in command back at Yosemite?”

Elysia’s cheeks reddened for a moment. Then she closed the distance between them. She brushed a kiss across his lips before he could react, and took a step back.

“Because I already have a trusted second in place for my role. She’s getting some on the job experience right now. Fes and Meliae are working to keep her on track.”

Having been stunned momentarily by the brazen kiss, he finally smiled at her. “Good. I’m glad to hear that.”

“The only important news, my liege, is that I purchased a group of new citizens. They were on offer from the military. Apparently sending them north is more of a problem than an answer.”

Elysia flipped open a ledger she’d had wedged under her arm and continued. “I had Meliae and Daphne do interviews with me for each one before purchasing each contract. In the end we turned away one hundred and purchased six hundred. No less in revenue that would be a concern. We traded them with castoffs from the foundry. Deskil was happy to get rid of them.”

Elysia looked back up at him after finishing.

“Great. Though I think we’re going to have a problem. I have something like… a thousand and a half Orcs and Elves trailing along this way. We’ll have to do interviews to figure out if there’s any problems in the group. And it sounds like we’ll need to get moving on more food production, last I remember we were already having difficulties on that end,” Vince said.

Elysia’s tight lipped frown brought a certain unease to him.

We’ve got a bigger problem with resources than I think, I’m betting. She won’t tell me till she gets back and runs all the numbers though.

“Anyways, before you can ask, I did claim your sister, Eva. Thera is waiting for a turn when we get back home. After that, well, I’ll need to figure out how to break into you room at night,” Vince admitted with a deadpan delivery.

Elysia’s eyes flicked to Eva behind him, then back to him.

“That’s simple, really. The same way you do everything else. You ask me to unlock the door.”

“Where’s the fun in that?”

“The fun would be in what I’m wearing when I open the door, of course,” Elysia said, giving him a bright smile.

“Oh.” That smile was captivating and made his heart speed up a bit.

“Or not wearing,” she amended.

“Oh,” Vince repeated brilliantly, his heart now pounding.

I think I need to feed Red.





Chapter 12



Vince hadn’t realized how much tension had been in his shoulders until he saw the walls of Yosemite in the distance.

They were a long ways off, but at this point, there would be nothing that could prevent him from getting home.

And thankfully so. Getting a moment to himself inside his home would be a blessed thing.

It’d taken a week and a half to get their large group this far north. Days were spent marching along as multiple groups ranged out in every direction to scout for food and water.

Vince was surprised with how clingy Petra was as well. It wasn’t the first time they’d been separated but her demeanor was quite different.

On top of that, apparently she wasn’t as ready to be out and about as she said she was.

Karya had immediately ruled her out from doing anything more strenuous than walking seconds after seeing her. That included any time spent in the bedroom.

If he had to guess, she’d forced her way out of Yosemite despite Meliae’s protests. He imagined the thought of him being in danger had spurred her on to ignoring her own well being. It more than likely was also why she was as clingy as she was.

She’d taken in Leila and Red quickly enough though. Red she forced to spar with Eva and Thera regularly and Leila she didn’t interact with much.

There had been questions from the Gnome but nothing that generated a lasting conversation.

Karya, Blue, and Green kept him occupied at night.

He wasn’t sure what agreement Karya had worked out with Eva, but the Elf seemed none the worse off for whatever she was getting in exchange.

If anything, she seemed quite happy.

A distant horn could be faintly heard from the east, as apparently someone saw their approach and realized who they were.

Watching the gate, Vince could clearly see the moment it swung open.

Frit snorted and shook his shaggy head. “That’ll be Kitch, or I’m a mouse. She was quite unhappy about not being able to head south. I only managed to convince her by reminding her your children were here.”

Vince smirked at that and scratched at his shoulder. “Yeah, she seems to think of herself as my honor guard.”

“It isn’t a bad idea,” Frit admitted. “She’d be good for it, too. Her people are just as well trained as my own or Henry’s at this point.”

“Harder to hide them. I’m a Ranger, not a—well, I spend more time in the woods than cities,” Vince said thoughtfully.

“That’ll change. We had a number of ambassadors arrive after you left. They’ve requested approval to set up embassies. Your fair chamberlain there has allowed several to do so, but on the condition that their buildings are subject to regular inspections, cannot have more than ten people, and are beholden to the laws of Yosemite.”

Looking at the High Elf Vince quirked a brow.

She shrugged her shoulders at him. “It’s the right thing to do, and not something you’d care about, my liege. You’d ask me to solve it anyways. So far, we have a representative from a fairly large gathering of Wood Elves in the North, one from the emperor in the west, and a few from smaller groups.

“I’m having an enclave built with apartments for the smaller groups.”

Nodding his head a bit he pursed his lips in thought. “Good work, and you’re right. I would pass it off to you. Am I that obvious? That easy to read nowadays?”

“My liege, I spend every day with you. We spend more time together than you do with your wives. I would hope I understand your mind when it comes to Yosemite, explicitly.”

“Huh. Good thing you’ll be joining them then I suppose.”

Elysia’s face turned scarlet and she faced forward at that, the conversation dying immediately.

Sure enough, Kitch and her people started out from the gate at a slow trot.

At the same time, a trio of Ratfolk came sliding up to him from the West.

“Humans are coming from the west! A large group of them,” said one of the Ratfolk. “But they don’t—”

As the first Ratfolk hesitated the second stepped up. “They don’t look like soldiers. They look like refugees.”

“Refugees?” Vince asked, looking out to the west. There wasn’t anything there but the open approach down the road. “Elysia, has the war gotten worse?”

“From the impression we got, and the citizens we purchased, it seems like it, my liege. Apparently it’s bogged itself down into trench warfare for the front. They’re bringing up all the ancient weapons of war and turning the entire area into a grave.”

Vince clicked his tongue. “Refugees. Probably from the north. Why this way though? Are they trying to head into the Wastes, or to the east?” he asked no one in particular.

“I’m not sure, my liege. What are your orders?”

All around his people watched him, waiting.

“Get all these new possible citizens into the city, Frit, but get them put up in the dormitories until we can get this figured out. If we run out of room, take them out to the eastern plains. Take the Ratfolk with you to run ahead and alert the gates.

“Karya, take Blue, Green, Petra, and Leila with you and get into the town. Get the gates shut and Henry and Sivir on duty.

“Please don’t argue and do as I’ve asked.”

Vince thought for a second and then made a second decision.

“Eva, I need you to be my messenger. Get to Fes and Meliae and give them the run down.

“Red, Thera, Elysia, with me.”

Collectively, heads bobbed in agreement and set about their work.

Petra looked annoyed, but didn’t fight him in this.

Moving off to the side so the column could keep marching by, Vince gave himself a once over, checking his gear.

“Red is ready,” said the Cursed One. She gave her clothes a quick tug, and then settled down again.

She’d adjusted fairly well to the rapid changes in her life. Her feeding was fairly regular and seemed more for his own pleasure as of late, rather than her being hungry

Red never complained but seemed happy with the situation.

Elysia set her ledger down to one side and clapped her hands together.

Lightning sparked from between her fingers and began to crackle ominously. Pressing her hands together, the crackle of power died away to a dull hum and was barely noticeable.

Thera lifted her sword from the sheath and let it drop back into place. Then she took up her customary place at Vince’s right.

“Are we expecting trouble, my liege?” asked the High Elf.

“No. But I’ll crush them if they think to start anything,” Vince said, meaning every word of it.

The silence grew and took hold after that.

Eventually, the oncoming wave of humanity came into view. It was a teeming horde. Easily numbering in the hundreds.

Perhaps even close to a thousand.

Onward they came, marching out of order and haphazardly.

Kitch and her crew arrived, the big Troll coming to attention behind Vince.

“Lord. I am here. Orders?” Kitch said loudly, her heavily armored and armed cohort lining up in an orderly formation behind her.

“Kitch, it’s good to see you. And that was a damn fine marching order and column at attention. Have I told you that I’m proud of you and your people?” Vince asked, letting his eyes move from the humans to the Heavies.

Kitch’s spine straightened at the praise and a number of shoulders squared in the ranks behind her.

Positive reinforcement. Always a winner.

“Lord, we aim to serve.”

“And you do. Those coming this way are what we believe to be human refugees. So far, they’ve made no attempt to hide their intentions and walk to us openly. Assume they’re neutral until they show otherwise. Questions?”

Kitch shook her head once.

“To your people, then,” Vince said with a nod.

Saluting crisply with her crossed arms, Kitch spun and barked out an order.

The rear rows began peeling out and spreading out into a winged formation around Vince.

Kitch took the center, hovering over him as if she were a trap waiting to be sprung.

“Damn, Kitch, have you been drilling them non-stop? That was a perfectly executed maneuver just now,” Vince murmured under his breath for the Troll.

“We live to serve. We train to serve.”

Vince snorted at that and looked back to the oncoming humans.

They were distinguishable now. His Ratfolk scouts had been right. One and all, they had the look of refugees fleeing. They carried whatever possessions they could manage. A few even had wagons or carts.

A sad, sorry-looking lot indeed.

Wondering what they’d do, he couldn’t help but be curious as the mass came to a stuttering stop. Then a small group of humans broke away and began walking towards them alone. With a white sheet tied to a branch held above their heads.

“Why they wave that?” Red asked.

“Flag of truce. Parley. Peace. It means they want to talk. Or surrender.”

Red wrinkled her nose at that and then squatted down, her clawed fingers raking the grass.

“Talk, talk. People talk to Bringer a lot.”

“That they do,” Vince said neutrally.

He’d rather talk than slaughter them all anyways.

Clearing that many corpses from the field is never quick.

“Ho there!” called one of the humans. “We come in peace! Peace!”

“Nervous lot, aren’t they, my liege,” Elysia said.

“You would be too if you were staring down Kitch and her people, no?” Vince waved his arm wide above his head. “Ho there. Come in peace, and you will receive peace.”

Emboldened by his words, the humans picked up their pace and hurried on towards him.

It looked to be about six humans. Four men and two women.

“I am, my name is, that is—” said the man in the center.

Vince waved his hand at the man stumbling over his words, urging him to continue.

“I’m Mark. We’ve been chosen to discuss terms for everyone.”

“I’m Vince of Yosemite. Any terms that would be struck, would be with me.”

Mark visibly sagged with what Vince thought was relief. “Blessed be.”

A woman directly on his left clasped her hands together.

“Lord Vince, we’ve come to petition you.”

“So I gather. And what is it you want? Passage? Escort? Resources?”

“Citizenship,” said the woman. “Citizenship to Yosemite.”

Closing his eyes for a second, Vince held up a hand, and paused. Opening his mouth and then closing it again he contemplated her answer.

“You’re saying you all wish to join Yosemite as citizens?” Vince asked, clarifying. Finally settling on the idea that he’d come from curious. Coming from curious was something his father had told him to do often.

“Yes!” chorused the group out of sync.

“You realize Yosemite is home to every race out there but humans right now. Yes?”

“Yes,” they said again.

“And that there really isn’t an economy as of yet. If there might ever be one. Everyone is assigned a position that’s best suited for them and expected to work. Housing, food, and materials are provided, but no pay. You understand that?”

“Yes,” they repeated again, several nodding their heads.

“Why? Why would you want this? I don’t understand,” Vince said directly.

“We’re from the north,” Mark said. “We just… we just want to live our lives. It’s been said that Yosemite is that. People living their lives. That the kingdom goes to you for armor, arms, in purchase. That they leave you to yourselves. That the Wastes are no challenge to you and they consider you neutral.”

Odd. That’s either some really coincidental rumors or the people we’re buying and selling from have wagging tongues.

“And you’d subject yourself to my rule? Do you understand that this isn’t a city you can just up and leave when you please? That before you’d be granted citizenship you’d have to go through an interview?

“Those with ulterior motives or seeking to do Yosemite harm would be turned away. Is this still enviable to you?”

That one looked like a surprise to them. They turned their heads to one another and began having an impromptu conference right there.

After a frenzy of hurried whispers, Mark poked his head back up. “You say we can’t leave?”

“No. We’re a city state that could be at the mercy of any other nation at any other time. We’re in this together, or not at all,” Vince reaffirmed.

Mark looked to the others, then nodded his head. “We’re agreed. Can we begin interviewing immediately?”

Great.



“As you’ve already guessed,” Elysia said archly, her fingernails tapping her ledger. “Our resources are stretched beyond thin. Beyond abysmal.

“On top of that, you’re going to need to stick around for a few months to make sure everyone is acclimated and accounted for. Beyond that, you have children who haven’t even seen you before today.”

Elysia held up a finger for each point she ticked off. “Suffice it to say, your calendar is going to be booked for a while. You’ll be meeting with several ambassadors, race leaders, and proposed councillors.”

“Ah, yeah. The councillor thing,” Vince said, rubbing at his chin with thumb and forefinger. “How’s that going?”

It’d been one of Elysia’s ideas. A council to serve as race facilitators for Vince. They had no power, other than what they could persuade Vince into doing.

“So far, so good. With one voice for every race, everything seems balanced despite population count. There’s been a few minor problems, mostly within racial constraints. Everyone not getting behind one candidate.”

Vince shrugged his shoulders. “Normal politics then, yeah? That’s good as long as there’s no violence.”

Elysia sighed and rubbed the bridge of her nose with a single finger. “There has been the threat of it. I warned them that any violence in the city would be met with immediate expulsion after an interview with one of the Dryads.”

Snorting, Vince looked from Elysia to her younger Dark Elven counterpart. “I take it that solved it?”

“Quite,” Elysia admitted.

“Everything you’ve said so far isn’t unexpected, and honestly, was more or less what I was thinking.

“What about you, Felicity?” Vince asked, addressing the Dark Elf.

She looked akin to Thera, and if he didn’t miss his guess she was probably from her family directly. She didn’t look older than eighteen though. She didn’t have quite the same build, and looked a touch more womanly in all areas.

Scholarly bent where Thera was military placed?

“I-I believe my sister is right.”

“On what point,” Vince said challengingly. He’d need to press her a bit.

Couldn’t have someone around who wouldn’t call him out after all.

“All of them. We need you here more as a figurehead than an individual contributor.

“In addition to her points, you’ll need to secure all the Dryads that you brought with you, as well as all of those who Daphne and Meliae coerced into coming here.”

With a dramatic sigh Vince gave the Elves an honest smile. “I don’t think I could run this place half as well as the two of you do. All of this resource management, politicking, and people pleasing is best suited for a pencil pusher.

“A mousey little man that would prefer to work behind a desk all day and run numbers and sums. With a name like Felix. Cower and hide behind his people and let them do the work for him.”

Leaning back in his chair he tried to link his fingers into one another, only to be surprised when he couldn’t.

His eyes went to the missing fingers on his left hand and he had a momentary pause in thought.

A mousy man wouldn’t be missing fingers.

“Ok. Here’s my thoughts. I should probably meet with whoever is responsible for the Elves I brought in, Bermeen’s, and Mark’s groups.

“Speak with them and get them settled.”

“Already done, my liege. My family will handle all the new Elves. It’s best for us to take care of it.

“We’ll be conducting interviews with a few of the Dryads present, combing through them for recruits, and making sure we give everyone the chance to leave, of course.”

Vince wasn’t surprised. They’d of course use this opportunity to cherry pick the Elves they wanted in their family.

Marry a few in, adopt a few others, grow the branches. Ever increasing powerful Elven family.

Maybe even create a secondary branch family.

He’d do it too, if he had to be honest. It was a smart move.

Good thing they’re loyal to me.

“So that leaves the humans and the Orcs,” Felicity chimed in.

“The humans aren’t a problem, my liege. They’re already setting up camp in front of Renzig’s Stand and getting themselves in a proper order for interviews. Karya and a good number of the Dryads you brought back with you are already processing them.”

“Ok, so, the Orcs are mine to handle at a leadership level?” Vince asked, hoping to get something to work on out of this meeting.

He knew he’d be bored eventually. They’d only gotten back today and he hadn’t gotten a chance to see Meliae or Fes, because they were with his sleeping children.

There was no doubt in his mind that they’d probably seek him out the moment they could slip away.

Probably hand the kids to Petra and another Dryad and make a beeline for me.

“That’d be best, my lord,” Felicity said, bowing her head a fraction to him.

“Alright. I’ll get right on that. I’ll track down Bermeen and see what all he needs for his people. I’ll try to situate them outside the eastern wall until interviews can be done. What about housing?”

“My liege, I’ve taken care of that. I had the carpenters start working on large dormitories immediately after I received your message. We’ll need to build two more, but we’re not far off from being able to meet everyone’s needs.

“After the interviews start, and we finish the other dormitories, we can start building houses. I imagine we’ll see some combined families again though. Having this many Dryads in one spot is allowing a very large number of viable hybrid pregnancies. Humans make great partners. Their traits pass easily and are the most likely to breed with anyone else.”

“Huh, didn’t think of it like that. Alright. Off to see Bermeen.”

“Who?” came Fes’ voice from behind him.

Looking over his shoulder, he found his Fes watching him. She looked different without her swollen belly. And doubly so when he thought of her as being a mother now.

Getting up he immediately crossed over to her and hugged her tightly.

She might be an Orc, and wasn’t big on displays, but he wouldn’t allow her to get away right now.

“Hello, my Fes. I’m looking forward to seeing our child. No one will tell me what the sex is because they didn’t want to spoil it for you.”

Fes turned a dark green as she clearly blushed, her eyes widening from his sudden approach. Then she pressed her face into his shoulder as if to hide.

“We have a daughter. She is not yet named, as I did not wish to do it without you,” Fes murmured into his clothes.

“Ah, a daughter? Interesting, interesting. I’m eager to see what she looks like. She take after you?” Vince said with a grin.

Fes nodded her head against him, not lifting her face.

“Good. And as for your earlier question: Bermeen. He’s an older Orc. I challenged a clan for the right to pass through. Had to kill their warleader. Red—you haven’t met her yet—killed the second in command when he tried to ambush me.”

“Bermeen,” Fes said, finally lifting her face from his shoulder. “You’d consider him an elder?”

“Uh huh, why?”

“Ber is a family clan name. Ber Enga. Ber Meen.”

Vince blinked twice, not quite understanding.

“I think you just conquered my clan and brought it underneath me as Fes. Bermeen is my grandfather,” said the Orc with a wide tusk-baring grin. “An interesting and unexpected gift, husband.”





Chapter 13



An hour later and Bermeen sat himself down across the table from Vince.

“Warmaster,” Bermeen said, his black eyes giving the small room a once over.

“This is where I hold private one on one meetings. It’s simply easier when there’s nothing else that can distract the attendees,” Vince explained.

He didn’t want Bermeen thinking he was disrespecting him.

The bushy brows of the old Orc came together before he nodded once.

“Our clan is moving to the eastern wall as you wanted. We’re starting to work with the truth minders. We’ll need orders soon,” Bermeen said.

“Ah, yes. That’s fine. Most will be given jobs that suit their skills. Be that war, basket weaving, or otherwise. Elysia will probably be on hand or have one of her minions available to give them an appropriate task or job.”

“The Elf?” the Orc said, with a strange quirk to his mouth.

“One of them. Two of them are just outside the door waiting to see if they need to storm in and take your head from your shoulders,” Vince said, aiming a thumb over his shoulder at the only door in the room.

“Beyond that though, what else do—”

As if because it had been mentioned, the door opened. Turning his head to look, Vince saw Berenga enter and close the door behind herself.

“Sorry, husband, our daughter woke and needed to be fed quickly,” Fes said, coming to sit down on Vince’s right.

“Bermeen, may I introduce you to my first wife. Fes Berenga,” Vince said, indicating Fes with an open hand.

“Ah…” Bermeen started, his eyes locked on Fes. His mouth hung open partially, unable to continue.

“Grandfather, it’s good to see you,” Fes said, giving him a grin. “Welcome to my home. I am Fes to Vince, lord and ruler of Yosemite.”

Bermeen sat frozen solid for a few seconds, before he finally smiled back at her. “It brings me joy to see you have found your equal. He said your name earlier when he declared his honor. I did not dare hope it was our Berenga. Your mother and aunt are with the truth minders. Your brother left after you did, to find a Fes.”

Fes gave a short nod of her head. “Vince killed—”

Bermeen grunted, interrupting Fes.

“Yes. He did. It wasn’t even a challenge. It was done in less than two attacks. Then his red eyed pet monster killed his brother when he tried to attack Vince without honor.”

Fes leaned her head back and laughed loudly. Eventually she got control over herself and leaned into Vince, giving him several kisses.

“I’ll reward you greatly later, husband. I’m afraid our seed grower tells me I’m not ready for anything for a while yet. Our child was complicated,” Fes apologized. Then she turned and looked to Bermeen. “Speaking of, you have a great-granddaughter now. You shall know her.”

Bermeen’s smile only got wider. Then he leaned forward and said something in Orcish.

Fes laughed and slapped the table, lifting a hand to her grandfather.

Somehow, Vince had fixed the one thing he wasn’t sure he could.

He watched as his Fes spoke with family she thought long lost to her, in a language he would never master despite his many attempts.



Vince opened the door to the nursery and slipped in quietly. Sitting in the middle of four waist-high bassinets was Meliae.

Her green eyes were watching the door as he crept through. He hadn’t been as quiet as he thought he’d been—or she’d been on high alert.

Giving him a smile she stood up and held a finger to her lips. Gliding over to him she held out her arms.

Carefully, Vince shut the door behind himself and then wrapped his arms around the Dryad, pulling her in close.

“Welcome home, husband. You have two sons, and two daughters,” Meliae whispered into his ear.

Oh, now they tell me. When I’m so close to discovering it myself.

Meliae kissed him hungrily, pressing him up to the door. She ground herself into him, her fingers gripping his belt tightly.

As quickly as it came on, she shifted her weight, leaning away from him. Releasing his belt with a shuddering breath she laid her forehead on his chest.

“Sorry, I’m sorry. Being that pregnant, being so far along that is, really did help with the self control,” she whispered. “Now with you here, it’s so much more difficult.”

“S’ok. I missed you, too. I know Petra named our son Vince the second. Fes didn’t seem like she knew what she wanted to name our daughter. Now it comes to you though, my Grove Mistress. What do we name our children?” Vince asked, nuzzling her ear.

She bounced energetically in his arms and then swept away, moving to the two bassinets on the left.

Vince trailed along, not quite sure what to expect.

As he got his first look, he felt his face freeze up.

Two sleeping faces lay motionless in their blankets. Their chests rose and fell, lost in deep slumber.

“This is our son,” Meliae said, touching the child on the left. “I’m not sure how you feel about it, but I like the name Keith.”

Vince nodded his head, that seemed like a strong name to him.

Keith had the look of any other baby he’d seen.

He wasn’t sure if that was good or bad.

Maybe it’ll get easier when they get older?

“Good, Keith then,” Meliae whispered. She brushed a finger over Keith’s brow and moved to the next. “And this is our daughter. I would… I would prefer to name her Mila. It’s my mother’s name.”

Meliae hesitated and tenderly drew a fingertip along Mila’s tiny arm. “Which might be strange, since our daughter isn’t a Dryad. I’ve never heard of a girl birthed by a Dryad that wasn’t a Dryad.”

“Mila it is.” Vince nodded his head.

Giving his daughter a once over, he couldn’t really get around the thought that she already seemed more to resemble her mother.

Looking back at Keith he wondered if he resembled himself.

Then his mind went blank.

He wondered briefly if he was in shock. He really didn’t have any objections to the names, or his children really, but neither did he feel as if he were working at full capacity.

“Next… we have our second daughter, our firstborn.” Meliae moved to the next bassinet. Reaching in she lightly scooped out the baby within.

Our? Pretty sure this is Fes and I’s child but… ok.

Dark black eyes gazed back at him.

The skin tone wasn’t quite human, but it wasn’t Orcish green either. Apparently Orcish genetics were stronger than Dryad ones.

His unnamed daughter blinked at him a few more times, before Meliae gently laid her back into her bassinet.

“For what it’s worth, I believe Fes’ mother’s name is Berest. Just my own suggestion,” Meliae admitted, giving him a grin.

I suppose your name is now Berest then, little one.

Passing in front of him she brushed her palm along his forearm and moved to the last bassinet.

“And finally, our youngest, Vince the second,” Meliae said, peeking in. “Who is ever asleep.”

Taking a look inside, Vince found that while his son resembled his half-brother, his face was much more narrow.

“And before you ask, yes. I say ours, because that’s what this is going to be. You’re going to have a good many children, Vince. More than any one man should have. We’ve discussed it at length and that’s what we’ve agreed on. We want to make sure they all get the attention that they deserve,” Meliae explained forcefully in a whisper.

“I’m not arguing. And yeah, definitely seems like we’re going to be overrun with children,” Vince said, unable to hide the touch of anxiety even he heard in his voice.

“Don’t worry about that too much. All those Dryads you brought back, and the ones I brought here, will be helping out. As soon as you take them fully into the grove they’ll be helping.”

“How many are we at now?” Vince asked, taking a moment to stare into the face of each one of his children. After checking in on them all, Vince ghosted back towards the door.

He didn’t want to disturb those who slept.

Meliae was practically stepping on his heels, her hands roaming over his lower back and hips as they went.

“Low twenties I think? I’ll be happy with ten more. We can look into getting more later,” she said in a husky voice. “You’ll need to seed them all soon. In the next week. Most of them have a temporary tree in the back yard.”

Looking over his shoulder, he found Meliae’s eyes glowing brightly. “I take it you’d like to watch me seed them?”

Meliae bit her lower lip and nodded a bit.

“Watch your husband be serviced by twenty other women while you are only allowed to watch?” he asked, experimentally.

With a flash her eyes were greened over completely, her breathing coming out in short rasps. She had closed in on him, pressing herself bodily to him. “Yes.”

“Of all the Dryads I have, you seem to really have a preference for watching me with other women.”

“It shames me. To know you’d choose others over me. My ripe curves and willing mouth. It shames me horribly to be forced to watch you with others.”

“Huh. Alright. Then from now on, if you’re able to, I think you should watch me with every other woman in our family.

“Now, I should probably get a leg on. I think I’m supposed to meet with someone but I really wanted to see the kids.”

Meliae only nodded her head woodenly, her fingers gripping tighter to his clothes, any type of semblance of thought lost in her eyes.

There’s a bedroom right across the way.

“Suppose I could stay for ten more minutes. Make sure you get a good ‘I’m home’ greeting from me?” Vince asked, his hands moving up Meliae’s stomach.



Shifting in the deck chair, Vince stared out over the expanse of his “back yard”, that was more akin to a field. It was huge, with more room than he thought he could ever use.

Promising he wouldn’t be going anywhere, Elysia had left him there and gone to bed.

They apparently had a long day of the same planned for tomorrow. Much as the last several days had been.

There was no light except for what the moon cast down upon it. Torches lined the wall that encircled the property, but none of that light made it in here.

He also knew for a fact that the Elves had magically warded the entire wall, then put guards along its length at the base on top of that.

If he had to make a guess, this area would probably be where the Dryads were going to plant things and use on occasion. They loved their natural areas. Torches and guards wouldn’t be conducive to that.

In fact he could pick out a handful of trees growing.

Must be the temporary trees Meliae was talking about earlier.

Everyone was asleep. Even the babies were nestled in their blankets.

Mother on duty tonight was apparently Fes, and her backup was Petra. Meliae would be backup tomorrow, and on duty the day after.

Another reason to get the Grove built. Get those three some help.

The problem for Vince was that he actually wasn’t quite looking forward to “seeding” twenty Dryads in a row. Sure, it sounded fun. But after the sixth he was betting it would become more of a chore than anything.

Sighing, he suddenly realized what he was thinking and laughed at himself.

“Ah, poor me. I have to bed twenty beautiful Dryads. My life is so terrible,” Vince said to himself mockingly. Getting up he stretched his arms above his head and wandered out into the dark field.

Vince felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. Walking as casually as he could, he cast about with his senses and mind to see if he could find what it was.

His thoughts picked up on it almost the same moment that Vince caught the reflective light of a red pair of eyes. They were on the extreme edge of his vision.

Red had taken up a game of seeing if she could sneak up on him as if he were prey. She insisted it was to hone her skills, but he secretly wondered if she enjoyed not being the apex predator.

Pretending as if he didn’t spot her, he continued to stroll along.

As if she were never there, she vanished from his senses. Almost as if she’d backed up and run away.

Red never bolted unless she felt that the hunt would be interrupted.

After all, it had become more than a game since he took the opportunity to reward her when she did well.

By feeding her of course.

That and I enjoy doing that for her too damn much.

Reaching out again, Vince couldn’t feel anything nearby. There wasn’t anything lurking that he could detect.

All was as it should be.

Which made his paranoia ratchet up several degrees.

Moving forward he could at least be sure of one thing. If Red backed off, and didn’t attack, that meant whoever was out there was friendly.

Smiling to himself, Vince decided he might as well make it fun for himself.

He’d been cloistered in rooms all day going over the details of agreements with the communities, both large and small, that were around Yosemite.

Gliding off into the murk of the evening, Vince began to get lower and lower to the ground. Moving as quietly as he could, he focused on his senses. Pushing them and letting his instincts guide him.

There.

It was a quiet thing. A soft dark hole in the wall. The dark shadow watched him, and kept pace with him.

Moving deeper into the field, Vince aimed for the bushes and trees, working to break the line of sight between himself and his hunter.

No sooner had he done so, than he felt that shadow detach itself from the wall and ghost towards him.

Come closer, come closer. Let’s have a word, Sneaking Sneak.

Turning partially back the way he came, he wedged himself into a figurative tree branch and waited.

It took a full minute for his shadow to creep by.

Thera?

Vince smiled at the thought that the Dark Elf had come that far along in her stealth work.

Let’s make this fun. Real fun.

Gently, carefully, Vince entered her mind.

Doing everything he could to not alert her, he carefully started feeding her mind incorrect information.

Such as being able to see Vince out ahead of her, staring up at the sky above. And that the tree to her right would provide great cover.

As if directed, Thera moved over to the tree. Her head tilted to one side, her ears twitching ever so slightly as if homing in on any sound he might make.

Trying his hand at something new, he tried to give her mind the impression that she could hear him talking from the false image.

“Would you still have me, Thera?” the image asked in her mind.

Thera froze, her entire body locked rigid. A rabbit that’d been sighted by a predator.

“Yes,” Thera whispered a full ten seconds later.

Getting his answer, he cut away his ghost image, it simply fading into nothing.

Thera’s head whipped around and she began to stare into the trees and bushes around her.

“Vince?” she asked.

Staying where he was, he fed her the feeling that something was coming from above her.

Looking up, Thera braced herself, her arms coming out in a defensive posture.

Moving in a flash, Vince brushed past her. As he went he deftly sliced away the dark black tunic and undergarment she wore, splitting it up the back.

Moving behind another tree, he used his link into her mind to know her position and what she was doing.

Her tunic and under tunic sagged, tangling her elbows and forearms up in the fabric.

Focusing, he pushed an imaginary hand along her spine, teasingly across her skin.

Thera spun, panting, her breath coming out in shudders. Fighting with her clothes she stared into the night, seeing nothing.

She was confused, nothing had come from above. Her heart beat rapidly with excitement and a touch of fear.

And deep inside of that, Vince could feel her arousal.

She wasn’t a Dryad, or an Orc, but she was a warrior. On some level, Thera felt as if she were the one in charge in most things.

At this moment in time, she wasn’t.

Worming a thought into her mind. Of her being watched, eyed, and hunted in the field. Carefully, methodically.

Her clothes being destroyed one at a time with each pass, never being able to catch Vince as he did.

Before he finally pinned her to the soft grass and claimed her then and there.

There was no compulsion in the thought. Only a vague impression of his own want.

That and it lacked a bed.

A bed had been promised before, but this was such a random moment in time it would be hard to pass up.

Vince wasn’t prepared for the response from her. Her mind became incandescent with desire. Her breath hiccupped and caught in her chest as she shuddered.

She didn’t care about the damn bed.

You’re a lot more like a Dryad than you’d ever let on.

He pulled another thought through her mind. That he was already behind her.

Spinning again, Thera took several steps backwards, bumping up into the tree Vince was hiding behind.

Reaching around the tree, he deftly slit her belt, pant hem, underwear, and a good portion of the seam in one movement. Clothing hissed as it couldn’t support itself and began to sink.

Diving towards another tree, Vince rolled up behind it and went back into Thera’s mind.

It was screaming in exhilaration. He was doing exactly what he threatened her with. She was powerless.

She loved it.

Thera stumbled from the tree, putting distance between it and herself. Her mind was a flurry of thoughts, most of them racing around in circles, but she was trying actively to find him.

Her clothes slid down, prompting her to try and grab at them with one hand. Her top toppled forward, covering her hands and arms and revealing pale flesh.

Flicking her hand up she managed to get her top free and off while holding tight to her pants. She covered herself with one arm while holding up her pants with the other.

Shuddering gasping breaths were the only sound that could be heard.

Her dilated eyes jumped from tree to tree, waiting for his next attack. Her mind secretly hoping for it. Wanting it.

Unwinding his leather belt from his waist he thought out his next play.

Again he gave her the impression of being attacked suddenly, from every direction except the one he was in.

Thera reacted predictably, she put her back to the safe spot and moved as nimbly as she was able.

Right up until she bumped into the tree he was hiding behind again.

Moving as fast as he could, he blurred out behind her. Snatching up her wrists, he locked them together behind her back. Wrapping them up in his belt in a fraction of a second, he released her arms. Giving her as light a shove as he could, he sent her tripping forward.

As she stumbled forward blindly, Vince sprinted out from around the tree and into the darkened brush to one side.

Panting, Thera’s pants and underwear dropped down around her ankles, her arms belted behind her back. Rotating as quickly as she could, her eyes glinted as she stared at the spot he’d been moments before.

Turning around, she slowly inspected everything around her. Her breathing was ragged, but her demeanor beyond that one thing almost made it look like she was in control.

Inside her mind was another matter. It was eerily similar to how Meliae and Daphne responded to these types of games. Thera was normally so reserved, patient, and straight laced.

Quite fun.

Deciding it was time to push the fun up a notch, Vince stood up when her back was turned and stepped out of the foliage.

Waiting for her to turn around again, he started moving as her eyes found him.

Those dark eyes were wide open. Her breath caught as he advanced on her swiftly.

Dropping his pants and kicking off his boots as he went, he gave her a smile. Doffing the rest of his clothes just before he got to her, he reached out with his right arm. Thera arched her back away from him, as his arm slid around her hips. Easing her down to the grass gently, he pinned her pants with his knees, effectively forcing her legs to spread around his shoulders, and leaving her unable to lift her ankles.

Lifting his forearms, he eased her thighs wide and looked down between them.

Smooth, hairless, and glistening, her privates were exposed and easy to see.

Glancing up, he caught Thera staring at him wide eyed, unable to do much of anything.

He kept eye contact with her, smiling, and lowered his head. Casually, gently, he slid the tip of his tongue up along the edge of her lips. Thera’s body tensed around him, her knees locking to his shoulders as if to squeeze him out.

Chuckling he breathed out against her moist entry. Breaking eye contact with her, he leaned in and worked his tongue up between her lips and into the hood of her clit.

Thera’s breath caught audibly and she shivered from head to toe.

Having only touched it once, he let his tongue wander back down the other side.

Above him he heard the bound Dark Elf moan.

Using his index fingers and thumbs, he carefully spread her lips apart and moved his tongue into her. Then up towards her pink pearl again.

Diligently he worked at it, light and delicate he lapped at it. Only to spear into it for a breath to keep her off balance.

Settling in to his work, he reached up with one hand and began to finger one of her nipples.

All at once, Thera dropped her knees to the sides, opening herself as wide as possible to him. She didn’t struggle or fight.

She’d given in and only wanted one thing now.

To be possessed by him.

Not to be broken, like Karya.

Or used, like Meliae.

Just possessed. Claimed.

Catching the hint, he released her oversensitive clit and squirmed upwards.

Pressing his forearms to her shoulders he settled himself down atop her.

Pressing his thighs to the inside of her legs he lowered his hips and guided his tip into her entry.

Looking up to her eyes, he got the barest of nods from her, before he simply entered her. Straight to the hilt he went, only stopping once there was nothing left to put inside of her.

Thera gasped, her body locking up as he ruptured the thin membrane that was her virginity.

Giving her a few moments to herself he waited. Only after that did he began to work himself back and forth through her. He held himself above her, making sure to move smoothly from hilt to tip with each thrust. Grinding her hips into him, Thera did all that she could to work with him. Lifting her knees up, she pulled them up high, her torn clothes trapping him between her legs. She gave him a wonderful angle to pummel her thighs with.

Moving steadily faster, he nuzzled her head to the side and then bit down roughly into her throat.

He hadn’t missed the way she’d eyed Eva’s own marking. So he’d give her a beautiful one of her own.

Biting into her as hard as he dared, he picked up speed and force.

“Vince, yes. Please. Inside, please. Please,” Thera whispered, her voice shuddering with the impact of his hips into her thighs.

Turning his head, Vince only bit deep into her throat again instead of replying.

His shaft forced her wide around its girth, stretching her forcefully as he took her.

Eventually his speed and force caught up with him, and he couldn’t hold himself back any longer.

Pushing hard and deep into her, he climaxed.

Letting go of her neck, he sunk his teeth into her for a third time, further down where her neck met her shoulder.

Thera moaned, pushing herself into him as her ankles clasped to his hips, pulling him in close.

Giving her a few final thrusts, he emptied out into her depths. Then, with a sigh, he released his Dark Elf and slowly lifted himself up.

He stared down into her eyes.

She gave him a coy smile, her ankles tightening around him.

“The night’s still young,” she said.





Chapter 14



Vince looked out into the audience chamber that he’d be holding open council in. He wasn’t fond of things of this nature, but everyone assured him this had to happen.

Every week he was supposed to do this.

In fact, if there was too much going on, Meliae had already told him it might be every other day.

What I always wanted. Sitting in a chair and making decisions for people. The dream of every Ranger.

The audience chamber was rather full. The council seats on each side of the central dais were full. One for every race that was part of Yosemite.

For the larger races, like Trolls and Ogres, they’d been forced to create a separate entrance and seating arrangements.

This chamber would do until a proper fort and receiving hall was put together.

A team of Dwarves were working round the clock to get the stone together to build a fort of their own design. He’d briefly looked at the blueprints with Deskil and found it looked like a monstrosity of fortified thick steel and stone.

Until that was built though, this assembly hall was the largest building in all of Yosemite.

“And it’ll be packed full of people all staring at me,” Vince murmured.

“It’ll be fine, my liege,” Elysia said, tapping her ledger with a finger. “We’ll be there with you.”

“There’ll not be a problem, Lord,” Thera said, dressed in her full leather armor.

The deep dark purple bruises on her neck were on display for all to see.

Eva snorted and waved a lazy hand at him. “All will be well, Master.”

“Oh, I’m not afraid of something happening. I’m honestly… I’m not made for this. I’m a dirty Ranger who makes a living by braving the wastes for someone else. This… this is all so beyond me,” Vince admitted. He brushed a finger across the strap of his leather armor breastplate.

They had tried to dress him in something other than his combat leathers.

He’d declined and threatened to actually run away.

“Everyone is aware. It’s one of the reasons they all trust you. You’re not here to rule them, my liege. They know you simply want what’s best for everyone, and will use your best judgment, devoid of politics,” Elysia said, stepping up beside him. She gave him a strange look then she swatted him on the ass with her ledger.

“Follow after ten seconds,” she commanded.

Quirking a brow at him she turned and entered the hall.

Thera and Eva gave each other a quick look and followed her in.

Taking a deep steadying breath, Vince gave himself a shake.

“Maybe bringer feed Red after? Bringer seems to feel better after a feeding,” inquired the red eyed monster in the corner.

He’d almost missed her being there. Crouched down low in a shadow.

She’d somehow developed the ability to “darken” her eyes, as she called it. Their glow would drop to nothing for short periods of time.

Laughing at her statement, Vince couldn’t disagree. The dominating side of him really did enjoy it. “Sure. Why not.”

“Good. Red getting stronger with every feeding. Orc wants to fight later. Will try to get her to surrender,” Red said. Then she slithered out of the corner and ghosted out a window.

He’d noticed that Fes had immediately taken up her duties of first wife with all three elves, Red, Blue, Green, and even Leila for some reason.

Red and Leila were forced to take rooms in his manse as guests, and the Elves were changed from the guest wing of the building to the wing that Fes and the others inhabited.

Politics even in my love life.

After Meliae gave Fes and Petra a clean bill of health, they’d started sparring with all of them. She actively used Petra as her second to drill everyone daily.

Giving himself a mental kick, Vince moved forward with determination.

All conversation dropped and died off within seconds of him entering. The only sound was the sound of his boot heels clacking on the stone floor.

Moving without a word to his seat at the center of the dais, Vince did a quick once over of the room.

It was packed. Packed and then some. Even the standing room was full.

His carpenters would be hard at work after this to do all they could to squeeze in more seats.

Spread out in two wings behind his chair in viewing boxes were his wives, and his inner circle.

Standing to the right of his chair were Elysia and Thera. To the left of it, Eva.

Taking a seat in the overly large but simple throne, as it couldn’t be anything else now that he thought about it, he got as comfortable as he could.

Glancing up to Elysia he caught her eyes and nodded once.

“This council is now in session.

“First, a few public announcements,” Elysia said loudly. Looking at her ledger for a second she continued. “Our Dryads have conducted an interview with our new prospective citizens. Save for a few who had to be turned away, we’ve accepted nearly all of them. We’ve added a significant amount of people to our fair city.”

There was a moment where Elysia was forced to pause as the room erupted into applause. Elysia seemed surprised, but Vince wasn’t. Their reaction was his own.

Optimism and hope.

More hands to work. More hands to hold a weapon. More hands to defend a friend. More hands.

Over three thousand souls.

The applause died off, giving Elysia a chance to resume.

“I’m pleased to also announce the number of resident Dryads has gone up significantly. They will begin hosting open hours for families each day. They’ll be available during daylight hours.”

Another round of applause forced her to stop briefly.

“Bearing that in mind, those who have growing families will eligible for housing improvements, or simply moving to a larger home. We’ll do all we can to support you in raising a family. Please consider this a public confirmation of that.

“On the same topic, as you’re all already aware of, Vince now has four heirs, and all are healthy and hale.”

There was a thunderstorm of applause and cheers at that. Vince kept himself from squirming at the personal shouted congratulations on his line continuing.

Nobody could ignore Kitch and the Ogre next to her though. They stood up and pounded their mitts together in a deafening cracking of callused hands.

“Viewing of the heirs will be in a few weeks, as they’ll be presented to all who would wish to see them,” Elysia said.

Meliae had assured him that this was something that must be done. The population must know the heirs, know that they existed and feel a personal connection to them.

They couldn’t only be something spoken of, they had to be real.

“At this time, there are no crimes that need to be heard in council. Everything has been handled at the local level.

“Now, on to the agenda. First on the docket is our Dwarven councillor.” Concluding, Elysia sat down lightly in a chair Vince had overlooked.

A Dwarven woman stood up from the viewing box made specifically for her and her fellow councillors.

“Lord Vince, I ask that you grant us rights to begin digging down into the earth of Yosemite, as well as exploring the caves,” said the solidly built middle-aged Dwarf.

Vince thought on that for a moment. “To what end?” he asked.

The councillor blinked, a small crease forming in her brow.

“Lord?” she asked.

Vince hesitated and mulled over his thoughts for a second.

“What would be the goal? I can’t imagine everyone would want tunnels being dug under their home,” Vince said thoughtfully.

Suddenly he nodded his head, knowing what he wanted to do.

“Actually, let’s do this. I grant you and charge you with the following,” Vince said, leaning forward in his chair. “You must first, secure our lands. Begin surveying the earth below our walls and do what you must to insure our defense.

“Second, I grant you the ability to dig tunnels below any and all streets, avenues, and boulevards. These must also have security checkpoints. Should an enemy breach them, it would not do to have them able to run a straight shot into the heart of Yosemite. I speak of built and triggered cave-ins, guard details, and choke points.”

Vince paused to change his focus to Henry, one his captains.

“I imagine Henry and his people would eagerly take up part of this duty, so you may want to seek him to see what he can assist with.”

The Dwarven captain gave him a smirk and nodded his head.

His people really would be at home below ground as easily as above.

“Third, I give to you the area beneath the Dwarven enclave. Do with it as you will, so long as you do not go outside of the boundaries of the land granted to it.

“Lastly, the caves are available for all to explore, but not mine. Not yet. We may have citizens later on who will look to them for their residences. I’d like to hold onto that for now.”

Nodding heads all around the hall could be seen bobbing along with each point he made.

The Dwarven councillor bowed her head deeply to him. “Thank you, Lord Vince. You’ve granted us responsibility and trust, as well as what we asked for, in equal measure.” Sitting down, she said nothing more.

“Ambassador of the Wood Elf clan named Silt, to the northeast,” Elysia called out.

An Elven man got up from a seat in the audience and walked to the forefront.

“Lord Vince, we of Silt would like to work out a trade agreement with Yosemite.”

“Alright. Please put together what your requests are in a single document and submit it. We’ll look it over and respond as quickly as possible. Though I’ll tell you now and upfront, I’m not opposed to trade and will welcome it. Please understand that my people are working not on the value of coin though, but for the betterment of everyone.

“Eventually, we’ll be using standards as currency, or a duplicate. For the time being, though, I recommend expecting bartering until that happens.”

The Wood Elf bowed his head and went back to his seat without a word.

“Ambassador to Verix,” Elysia called out.

A High Elf in a bright blue robe stood up and moved to the front.

By now, everyone had heard what had happened at Verix. None seemed pleased at someone being here who had sought to trick their Lord.

“Lord Vince, first let me say I personally congratulate you on your success at Verix,” said the High Elf.

Vince raised an eyebrow at that.

Well, everyone has a job to do, even if they don’t agree with their government.

It only took a quick brush of the Elf’s mind for Vince to confirm what he thought. He was just doing his job to the best of his ability.

“Unfortunately, as the ambassador though, I must… I must denounce you as a thief and oath breaker.”

The room exploded in shouts, and more than a few people looked like they were considering rushing the stage.

Vince held up his hand, and all noise fell off within a single breath’s time.

“I respect you for the courage to conduct yourself according to your position. That is bravery if ever there was a definition for it.”

He didn’t need to be the empath he was to see the collective emotional change in the room. They all searched out their own hearts to determine if they could do what this High Elf had just done.

“As to your charge, I would argue that I collected on what was owed to me. As the Lord of Yosemite, I offer your government the payment I originally offered them.”

Turning to Elysia, Vince asked her softly. “What was the final count of people we took from Verix?”

“Four-hundred and twelve. If you were to break out the cost against current rates, it’d come to one thousand, six hundred and forty-eight standards,” Elysia said after a quick check in her ledger.

“You’re a wonder and a beauty at the same time. You already thought this would come up, didn’t you?”

“Yes, my liege,” said the blushing High Elf. “Also, you seem to forget that your citizens have fantastic hearing.”

Looking to the audience, he found no small number of people grinning at him. Moving his eyes back to Elysia, he shrugged. “And? You are amazing and beautiful. Thanks, Elysia.”

Turning back to the ambassador, who had the good grace to pretend he didn’t know what was about to happen, he cleared his throat.

“Yosemite is prepared to offer one thousand, six hundred and fifty standards to Verix for their loss.”

“Most generous, my lord. I will convey your offer to my homeland when I return. I’m afraid I’ve been recalled, and will be departing this afternoon.”

Vince sighed at that and nodded his head. A cessation of negotiations was usually the precursor to war.

“I understand. Though I’d like to offer you a position here in Yosemite. Should you find yourself free of your obligations, I would welcome you and your family here. Extended family as well. Yosemite is always in need of brave hearts and courageous minds.”

The High Elf turned his head partially to one side, clearly thinking on the unexpected offer.

Bowing his head to Vince, the Elf turned and left the assembly hall.

“Ambassador to the Emperor of The West,” Elysia called.

A human man stood and made his way to the front of the dais.

He looked more or less like anyone you’d meet from the human cities. There was nothing that would mark him in a unique fashion.

“The Emperor would like to personally greet Lord Vince, and congratulate him on his formation of Yosemite. No city has ever been erected in the Wastes, and he sees this as a victory,” said the man.

Vince said nothing. He wasn’t sure what they wanted, nor even what Yosemite wanted. If he didn’t have to deal with slavers, he wouldn’t.

“Ahem. The Emperor would also like to extend the invitation for Yosemite to join the Empire formally, and would grant to him the Kingdom of Yosemite.”

“At this time, Yosemite will remain independent, though we appreciate the offer. Perhaps we can reconsider at another time,” Vince apologized.

“Of course. The Emperor would also like to extend a personal invitation to you to join him for a negotiations meeting at his home in Benicia. A trade agreement would be most welcome, as the military has come to him repeatedly for requests to purchase arms and armaments from his own arsenal, and then secondary to that, the smiths of Yosemite. He is, of course, loathe to give away his personal arsenal, but understands the greatness of Yosemite’s smiths.”

To say nothing of the fact that you’ve been trying to seduce my smiths away right from under my nose.

“I gladly accept the Emperor’s offer, but am unable to attend at this time. I would ask for a postponement while I take care of matters here,” Vince said neutrally.

“The Emperor happily agrees, and is glad to hear your agreement to a meeting. Thank you for your time,” said the ambassador, moving back to his chair.

The moment they end that civil war, they’ll turn their attention this way. I need to make sure I’m not an easy target, or one that he wants to deal with.

“Ambassador from the Wooden Heart grove in the North West,” Elysia said in a curiously toneless voice.

No one got up from their chair that he saw. Vince looked left and right, seeing no one.

Then Meliae walked past his chair. She stepped down from the dais, and took the position everyone else had for their audience.

“Greetings from the Wooden Heart grove, Lord Vince,” Meliae said seriously.

Vince wasn’t quite sure where this was going, but he was sure everything was fine. Meliae would be more likely to take her own life before endangering his.

“I greet the ambassador from the Wooden Heart grove,” Vince responded just as seriously.

Meliae let out a soft breath, a smile threatening to overtake her face.

Maybe she’d been nervous I was going to brush her off?

“The Wooden Heart grove has existed for eighty years and is the single strongest grove on the western half of the continent. Many of the Dryads in the area can trace their heritage back to the grove at some point in time in their family line.

“I’m acting only as an ambassador as the Wooden Heart grove has no one who can leave their grove for an extended period of time,” Meliae explained.

Maybe we could have someone remain in their grove as our ambassador since they can’t leave there. Maybe a Wood Elf. They’d probably enjoy it.

“The Wooden Heart grove is more than likely aware of Yosemite’s search for young Dryads. The Wooden Heart grove would be able to consider the possibility of sending some of their young talent to Yosemite, but would wish to treat personally with Lord Vince in this matter,” Meliae said.

Vince nodded his head to that. There was no doubt that establishing a relationship with a standing grove was in their interest.

“I accept and will be happy to travel out that way. Is there anything I should know about this trip and what the expected party should be?” Vince asked.

“Ah, I’d say you’ll need to take myself, maybe another Dryad or two, Elysia at the minimum. There’s no need for guards for this expedition,” Meliae said, smiling widely.

“And why’s that exactly?” Vince asked, feeling like he was walking into something he wouldn’t like.

“Because it’s my mother’s grove.”

“Oh.”





Chapter 15



Leila grumped at him and grabbed his wrist. The way she was twisting his arm forced him to bend over so that she could get an easy look at him.

From giving an audience to ambassadors the day before, to this today.

My life is so weird.

Turning his hand over she poked him in the middle of his palm. It left a tingling feeling when she did it.

“Magic that has nothing to do with blood is all in the study and application through your conduit,” said the Gnome. At the start, her large eyes were odd to him, now they were merely curious.

Those big purple orbs were squinting at his hand.

“Your magic capacity is… large. It’s bigger than any I’ve seen.”

Vince snorted at that.

Uh huh. I’m sure you tell that to all the guys.

Her fingers carefully turned his hand over again and then began to trail up along his forearm. She paused for a moment at his elbow, her fingers pressing into his skin.

Feeling slightly awkward about the whole thing, Vince stared at the back of her blonde head.

At least they were out in the field behind his home. Away from prying eyes.

Well. Other than Thera, Eva, Elysia, and Red.

They rarely seemed to leave his side if they didn’t have to.

Meliae, Petra, and Fes were with the children of course. Motherhood had claimed their lives completely. Not that he faulted them for it. He imagined the bond between them was healthy and strong.

“Sorry,” Leila said.

“Huh? For what?”

“This.” Leaning her head down, Leila bit into the inside joint of his elbow.

Vince instinctively wrapped his arm around the short woman’s head and pulled her into his chest. At the same time his other hand slipped up under her chin and curled around her throat.

Gritting his teeth, he was about to finish it when she released him.

“P-put me down already, fool. I need to watch the flow. Unless you have a thing for Gnomes and were l-looking for an opportunity?” Leila hissed at him, kicking her legs back and forth.

He dropped her down to the ground and she immediately pulled his arm out straight. Blood welled up from a tiny bite mark in the skin of his arm.

Leila didn’t exactly have tusks after all.

Holding tight to his arm with one hand, she drew her index finger down through the blood. Moving her bloodstained finger further, she stopped when she reached his wrist.

Then she pressed her thumb to that spot. An itchy tingling shot up through his arm immediately.

“It’s huge. I don’t think I could handle all of that without bursting.”

Feeling a touch of anger still, and maybe a little vindictive, Vince didn’t hold back this time.

“Bite me again, and I’ll show you something huge that you definitely couldn’t handle without bursting.”

Wide purple eyes focused on him, her small mouth opening once and then closing.

After two seconds of what he could only guess was her thinking, her face turned a deep dark red.

“Yeah. Exactly. Tell me next time,” Vince growled under his breath.

Leila nodded her head, her large eyes swirling with sparkling light.

“S-sorry. It helps me focus if I have some of your blood,” Leila whispered. She turned her head back to his arm. Trailing a finger up along his bicep she paused at the hem of his shirt.

“Take it off. I need to see your chest,” Leila said, releasing his arm. She took a step back and stared up at him in challenge.

If it was something magical in nature, she seemingly stood her ground.

“Oh, I get a show after all,” Elysia murmured from her seat. She looked up from her ledger and stared intently at Vince.

“Hah hah,” Vince returned. With a sigh he reached down and pulled his tunic up over his head.

“Take it all off, master,” Eva catcalled from her perch in a nearby tree.

“Ok, stop it,” Vince said as he dropped his tunic to the ground.

“Whatever do you mean, lord? Also, do you think you could get your pants off too?” Thera asked, looking up from her sketchpad. “I want to get the size right.”

Unable to control himself, Vince felt his cheeks turn red at the attention.

Leila looked around as the Elves talked and then looked back at him. “You’re bedding all three?”

“Unfortunately, only my sisters. I’m next,” Elysia clarified. “Though he also has five other wives.”

“Err, eight women?” Leila asked, stepping in close to him. “Get down here, oaf.”

“So far. I imagine he’ll collect a few more. That or Fes will,” Thera clarified, her pencil skritching over the paper.

Vince got down on his knees in front of the Gnome.

Leila walked right up to him and laid her hands on his chest, right above the spot where he continued to cut himself open for Dryads to insert trees.

He was eye level with her now. She was actually rather pretty, even if her eyes made her face a touch alien.

“Your conduit should be a necklace. It’ll rest right above this point,” Leila said, pressing her fingers into his chest. “Your power starts here and terminates here.”

“Unsurprising. It’s where the Dryads put their trees,” Vince said comprehendingly.

“Oh? Oh. Yes, that’d make sense. It also means that most of your spells will need to be channeled from here, to your hands. Much of magic is about directing your power. The study I mentioned earlier is on learning the appropriate incantation, and personal position,” Leila explained.

“Incantation? I’m kinda lousy at languages,” Vince said, hedging his optimism already.

“Incantations are personal. Everyone has different spells and abilities they can use and call on. I… I’m a warlock so I tend to stray towards the darker side of things. Soul magic, curses, vexes,” Leila said.

“Ah, I see. So, what am I then? And can you get the curse off of Red?” Vince inquired.

He was feeling strange, having four pairs of eyes staring at him kneeling shirtless in front of Leila.

“I don’t know what you are. We’ll find out in time. It’s not like you know right off the bat what your specialty is. Takes time to muddle around and find out what works for you.

“And yes, I could take the curse from her, but it’d kill her. The curse is what’s keeping her alive at this point. Though her vitality is astonishing. Whatever she’s leaching is incredibly powerful.”

“Leaching?” Vince asked.

“Leaching. Whatever she’s being given to maintain her health,” Leila further explained, “it’s most interesting.”

“Err, like food?” Vince qualified.

“Possible. I’d be able to better understand if you showed me what you’re giving her,” Leila said. She gave his scar a poke.

As if on cue, Red slipped in close and pressed a hand to the front of Vince’s pants. “Bringer feeds Red from this. Next time Red is fed, she will share part of her meal with you.”

“Uhhhh, t-that’s alright,” Leila said, waving her hands in front of her. Apparently her mind made the leap in logic immediately to what Red was indeed being fed.

“Red will share, Red is fed often and is happy to share once,” said the Cursed One, nodding her head.

“No really it’s—”

Soft laughter could be heard from the tree where Eva was. Leila looked up towards it, stopping midsentence.

Red’s head whipped around and zeroed in on the tree. She released Vince and went running at the very tree that she had identified as where the laughter originated from.

There was a squawk as Red leapt up into the foliage. Followed by several grunts and a whoosh of air, as if it was forced from someone’s lungs.

A loud crack sounded before the tree next to the one Red leapt into shook.

“Damn it, Red. If that’s how you want to do it, that’s how it’s going to be. I’ll make you pay next time,” Eva called.

“Ignore them, it’s how Red plays with people,” Vince said, dismissing them and turning back to the blushing Gnome.

“So, conduit? Help me make one? In fact, you’ll come with me to Wooden Heart. It’ll be a chance for you to train me and help me with the conduit.”

“Hopefully Red doesn’t catch you during meal time,” Thera murmured to no one, a smirk forming on her lips as she sketched.



“Red is tired of walking,” complained the Cursed One. “Should go home instead.”

They’d been making their way through the wooded and mountainous terrain of Yosemite to the northwest.

Meliae assured them they were on the straightest and quickest route, though they were on day four of this trek.

Gert chuckled and gave himself a shake. Set opened a bleary eye at the movement in his harness on Gert’s back and then closed it again. “Complains to complain.”

“Anyways,” Vince interjected before they could start fighting again. “Meliae swears it’s only two more days away. And when we arrive, I need you on your best behavior.”

Red blew a raspberry and flicked her hair over one shoulder.

“Our liege is right. We really do need to get a trade agreement in place,” Elysia cautioned. “Our resources are perilously thin as it is, and will be all but gone in as little as two months. This isn’t a joking matter for us anymore.”

Leila bobbed along in front of them on a thin layer of magicked air turned into a disc.

She turned around slowly, eying them all.

“I still find it hard to believe you planned that poorly,” grumped the Gnome.

“We planned until it felt as if Elysia and I were living together in a damn conference room. The simple answer is, we took on too many new citizens without planning for it. With enough time, we can balance that back out easily. Until then though, we need to make trade agreements and large purchases of food,” Vince explained. Again.

He was starting to feel like a broken record.

Growling under his breath Vince gave the group a quick once over.

Gert, Set, and Ris were acting as scouts and guards. Right now Gert and Set were resting while Ris ran point up ahead of them.

Elysia, Leila, Meliae, and Red were with him.

Blue was in the rear with Green.

Vince couldn’t keep the frustration out of his voice. “We’ll ju—”

A deep throated roar came from the northeast. Followed by a scream and the crackle of what sounded to be magic.

Vince’s entire group dropped low to the ground, hiding behind trees and bushes.

Ris blew by overhead in the sky and blazed a trail straight for the ruckus.

Gert and Set split up and made off in a similar fashion.

Only to be followed by Red.

“Damnit, wait,” Vince hissed. None of the three heard him. Or at least gave no indication of having heard him.

Elysia, Meliae, and Leila looked at him.

“Fuck, alright. Stay here. Tell Blue and Green to stay here as well when they catch up. I’ll see if I can’t get close enough to get our people back out. This is what I get for bringing along aggressive types,” Vince muttered, slipping around the tree he was behind.

Another roar, higher in pitch than the first, helped him orient himself.

The deafening boom of a magical detonation rocked him sideways a step. Vince swore it was as if his teeth were rattled loose.

His heartbeat picked up rapidly and his body had a feeling of lightness to it as he went.

Vince moved faster, his boots gliding over roots and rocks as if he knew where they were. He slipped through the forest at high speed.

To the point that he burst out into a clearing where the entire fracas was ongoing.

A beautiful white-winged woman with a glowing sword fought a dirty and scruffy looking man in a flowing black robe who also battled with what could only be described as a woman with horns and leathery wings.

It was insanity.

Vince blinked as the glowing sword pierced the man in the robe from sternum to spine. Groaning, the man clapped his hands together around something and then held a hand up. A purple glow surrounded his closed fist, before he slumped forward over the sword.

The reptilian woman launched forward, one wing flapping while the other hung limply behind her, propelling her six foot frame forward.

Before the glowing sword could be extracted, the horned woman tore one of the white wings clear off the other’s back.

Screaming in rage, the glowing sword was whipped clear of the dying man and brought around in a blur.

Horn girl kicked backward, her scaled and clawed foot catching the other woman in the knee.

All around them the world acquired a sickening bluish haze, twisted around itself and then popped back into place.

Where there had been nothing previously, there were now six statues made out of rock.

Except they weren’t statues.

One of them slammed a fist through the back of the dying man, the rocky hand bursting out of his chest.

The other five broke into two groups and began to close in on the two women.

Miss Glowing Sword was down a wing and wouldn’t be leaving this fight. Instead, she turned her bright visage on the first golem that was closing in on her.

Bringing her sword around in a diagonal slash, she managed to crack its rock head into two with the strike.

Though it was a golem, and didn’t really need its head to be intact.

Which Glowing Sword realized too late as one rock hand battered her down, the blow to its head doing nothing.

Vince rocketed forward, his saber sheathed and at his side.

A blade would do him no good here. He’d have to improvise.

Snatching up a nice big rock as he went, Vince kept moving. A second golem intercepted him and brought its arms around incredibly fast. Dodging to one side, the golem’s hands slammed together where Vince should have been. Hefting the rock, Vince bashed it into the center of the golem’s torso. Cracks spread rapidly from the force of the blow, magic seeping out quickly through those fractures.

The golem slowed down to a crawl as it “bled out” from Vince’s straightforward attack.

Looking back to the angel-winged beauty, he watched as the golem picked her up by the head, then crushed her skull with a wet pop.

Brain and gore oozed through its stone fingers as her body went limp.

The glowing sword extinguished itself and became nothing.

Dropping the corpse, the golem turned towards Vince.

The stench of blood flooded him.

That sweet sick smell of metal.

Shuddering Vince felt his mind starting to wander out of his control. Hefting his weapon, he moved forward to engage the second golem. Aiming another blow at the torso, Vince was surprised when a third golem crashed into his side.

Rock-like arms battered Vince’s shoulders and head.

Over and over the blows fell.

A particularly accurate strike cracked Vince’s head to one side, his vision dimming.

Then he lost control completely.

Screaming inarticulately, he drew upon the source of power in his chest, channeled it through his conduit, and fed it back into his arms. Holding his stone in both hands, he swung upwards to where he felt the golem should be. Both his weapon, and the golem’s torso exploded from the impact.

Snatching the arm of the golem he’d destroyed, he leapt for the third one.

Vince saw nothing but red. Red and skittering movement through his vision. Everything was skewed and dyed in a boiling bloody frenzy.

The impromptu weapon blasted through the golem’s midsection, and sent it careening out of sight.

Turning back to the other golems, he found one was down, its limbs carved from its torso.

Another one was trying to get in close to the horned woman while the last was trying to scrape the dead human man off its wrist.

Roaring from the bottom of his hate, the pure feeling of his desperate anger, Vince burned himself up with his fury.

Siphoning power from his core into his legs, Vince jumped forward.

It was a very long jump, and carried him screaming into the golem with the gory bracelet. Barreling into the side of the golem Vince scrabbled at it for purchase rather than falling to the ground.

Wrenching at its head with both hands Vince managed to keep his balance, then simply ripped it clean off the golem’s torso.

Shrieking wordlessly Vince brought it down over and over into the top of the golem’s midsection.

After the fifth blow, the golem collapsed on itself, dropping Vince to the ground.

Turning on the last golem, Vince clawed his way to his feet and sprinted towards it.

Lost in his enraged mind, he didn’t consider what he was doing, and shoulder-checked the magical construct. Sending it flying, Vince came to a stumbling halt, before chasing after it.

Crawling atop the downed golem, Vince began battering it with the head of its fallen companion.

When the center finally gave in and magic exploded outward, bathing Vince royally, there was a pause.

A soft footfall alerted him to the presence of another foe.

Pivoting from where he was, Vince dove towards this enemy

He caught the horned woman around the throat and dragged her to the ground with both hands. Her wings beat at the ground, her scaled hands and clawed fingers dug at his forearms, her body bucking beneath him.

Vince leaned in close and stared into her face as his hands tightened with as much force as he could bring to bear.

Bright blue eyes stared at him. Short silver hair framed her fear struck face, her mouth open as she tried to suck in any air she could. Tiny blue scales lined her cheekbones and curled back towards her elongated ears and the short horns at her temples. Her long, scaled tail wrapped around his middle and tried in vain to pry him off.

She got out a tiny squeak, her eyes focusing on his own.

Vince saw himself in those blue eyes, and froze.

Only fear and the face of a raging monster were in those eyes.

Letting go of her throat Vince put his hands to the grass on each side of her head. The woman took in a great heaving lungful of air. Her hands still clenched to his forearms. Vince turned his head to the side, not wanting to see himself in her eyes anymore.

Trying to get up, he found her tail still coiled tightly around his middle.

With a grunt, he reached down and pulled at her tail, easily dislodging it. Getting up, Vince stumbled to one side of the clearing, hunched down, and wrapped his head in his arms.

It’d been a very long time since he let his fury and rage out. A very long time.





Chapter 16



Vince got control over his breathing several minutes later. He could hear the faint sounds of people talking and moving around behind him as he did so. It sounded like Gert, Set, Ris, and Meliae.

Discussing what they’d just seen happen

Until he felt full control over himself though, he didn’t want to interact with anyone.

There had been times in the past where he’d not been able to master himself before speaking to others. Those instances hadn’t all gone poorly, but enough of them had to make him wary of doing so again.

His father had called it a berserker’s rage. His mother had called it a damn temper tantrum.

Smiling to himself at the remembered humor in her words, he wondered what she’d think of him now.

That they were grandparents even.

They went north, didn’t they? Maybe I should go after them. See if I can find what happened to them. Something had to happen, right? They wouldn’t have left me alone otherwise.

Would they?

“Vince, you feel like you’re settling down,” whispered Meliae, kneeling down beside him. “Are you well? Did something happen?”

Not wanting to hide anything from her, Vince nodded his head. “I lost control. That golem popped open that winged woman’s head as if it were a watermelon. There wasn’t any hesitation or time to act. It just… happened.

“The smell of blood was overwhelming. Then another golem got me. Was beating me. To death even. And I… I let go. I shoved my mind into a corner and… and let go,” Vince said, a shuddering starting up in his shoulders and chest.

He didn’t feel cold.

His body trembled all the same.

“Ok. Everything is fine, Sweetling,” Meliae cooed, bringing his head to her shoulder. “You called on something within yourself and used the grove to power it. You have nothing to be ashamed of. You felt you were in danger and acted out of it.”

Shame. Ashamed.

Vince hadn’t thought of it in that way, but she was right. He felt some modicum of shame in letting himself become a screaming embodiment of rage.

“You managed to subdue the Dragonnewt with force, but you didn’t hurt her. You let her go. Everything is fine, Sweetling. You did no harm,” Meliae whispered, nuzzling his ear with her lips. “Blue and Green are handling the Dragonnewt right now. She’s in pretty rough shape from her fight with the Valkyrie and magician, but fine. Come, stand for me. We need to get moving. We have no idea why they were fighting, but we don’t want to be here. That was a fairly loud and magically dense brawl.”

Nodding his head, he let Meliae get him to a standing position. Putting one foot in front of the other, feeling very drained, Vince was led back to the path and away.

“Vince…” asked a soft voice.

Looking up from the grass in front of him as he walked, he found Leila bobbing along in front of him.

“I don’t m-mean to pry but… how did you destroy the golems?” she asked.

“Broke their chests open. One with a rock, another with the arm of the first. Then the rest with one of their heads,” Vince said in monotone.

“O-oh. That’s… very, it’s amazing. For w-what it’s worth, I think it was an incredible feat,” Leila stammered out. “Especially the way you brought it all back under control. I could feel the magic rolling off you. You were a thunderstorm of power, striking wildly in every direction.”

That got his attention.

Vince blinked and gave his head a small shake. “Magic? I was using magic?”

“Oh yes. You positively reeked of life magic. I’d be surprised if there was a mage or life tuned creature for twenty miles who didn’t feel that. It was amazing! You even overpowered a Dragonnewt. I never thought that was possible,” squeaked the gnome in excitement.

Life tuned?

Turning his head, he looked to the three Dryads and the Dragonnewt.

Blue and Green were staring back at him, their eyes colored over and without pupils.

Meliae was curiously staring straight ahead, as if unwilling to meet his gaze.

“Meliae?” Vince asked.

The curvy Dryad turned in his direction, and he got his answer.

Her eyes were greened over, her cheeks flushed.

“It was so much power. I could taste it. I felt it. It ripped through me as if I were made of cheap paper. It turned me inside out, beat me with my own skin, and put me back together. I have never felt the like. From anyone, ever, or anything. We have to move because I think every Dryad for miles will be coming this way,” she admitted. “And if they find us… I’d rather not think on it.”

“Oh, sorry. Kinda holding us back, aren’t I,” Vince said. Giving himself a shake he picked up the pace to his normal walking speed.

“You’re not holding us back. I’m afraid the Dragonnewt isn’t quite capable of moving that quickly,” Meliae interjected as he began to outpace her.

“Put her on my back. I’ll carry her. Worst comes to worst we tie her wrists around my shoulders and she hangs there.”

Turning back the way he came, he stood in front of Blue and Green. The Dragonnewt was hoisted up between them, her eyes fluttering open and closed as she drifted in and out of wakefulness.

Blue nodded, while Green got down and started digging in her pack.



The next day and a half was spent almost at a continuous jog as they fled the scene.

And that’s exactly what they were doing.

Fleeing.

His scouts reported a number of disturbances and sightings that they dodged and went around. It wasn’t just Dryads heading towards the area they were fleeing from, but any and every creature of nature under the sun.

Blue and Green were always within arm’s reach of the unconscious Dragonnewt that was practically Vince’s backpack. If he had to guess, they were fearful of her waking up and attacking him.

Fortunately, the trip wasn’t all running and worrying.

Leila helped him work out small cantrips that let him cycle power from his grove to his legs and lower back. They were small phrases no longer than a sentence or two that he didn’t even have to say clearly.

He’d almost managed it without talking at all and only thinking it.

The difference was remarkable though with only the first spell. He’d only ever been able to draw on the grove for energy and healing. Now though, he was using that power while calm and towards an entirely different end.

On the second day, perhaps an hour or two before nightfall, Meliae stopped dead in her tracks.

“Wait, everyone stop here. We’re at the boundary. I’d like to wait here until we’re officially invited in. She’s my mother, but she’s their leader first. She may not even know it’s me that’s come knocking,” Meliae said, brushing her hands against her tunic and pants.

Vince shifted the Dragonnewt around on his back. She’d started to sag down his back again.

She groaned and one of her horns slid into his neck, her silver hair covering her face. “Turn your head a bit, you’re digging into me.”

The Dragonnewt obeyed and rotated her head till her face was pressed into his neck. “Better. Nervous about your mom, Meliae?” Vince asked.

“What? Err, yes. I am. I’m showing up with what can only be described as a myth, that pumps out enough nature magic to overpower a Dragonnewt and golems in hand to hand combat.

“Oh, and by the way, the living myth made a grove for me because I asked. Second only to hers in size in under a year. On top of that, he’s also the father of my children. And I’m an equal partner in all things with him. Beyond even of all that, he actually loves me. So yes. A little nervous.

“Please don’t try to steal him from me, mom, because I’d hate to have to kill you for trying.” Meliae said the last with a frown.

“I see. You think that’d be a possibility? An actual problem could come out of it?” Vince asked, looking around himself at the wooded area they were in. It didn’t seem any different than anywhere else.

Must be a Dryad boundary thing.

“No. It won’t. But still… none of this is normal, Sweetling.”

“Uh huh. Tell you what, if you can get us through this without too much of a problem, I’ll bed Blue and Green over there for the first time while you have to watch,” Vince offered up.

He hadn’t really truly humiliated her in a while. Having to watch some of the most junior Dryads be serviced while she couldn’t do anything would probably hit her just right.

“No, my liege, I believe I’m next. While I actually enjoy Blue and Green’s company, as we talk often already, I’ll not let you set me aside,” Elysia said calmly, while her fingers tapped against her ledger.

“I… ah… you’re right. You can watch me and Elysia, Meliae. Then you can watch Blue and Green clean Elysia up when I’m done with her,” Vince said, pointing a thumb at Elysia.

The High Elf scoffed and gave him a quirk of one dainty brow. “You think that bothers me? Do you have any damn idea the filth that you ran through my mind back on that first challenge night? You actually—”

Everyone froze and Elysia fell silent as a distant high pitched whistling sound could be heard.

“Someone will be coming. That’s the boundary alert,” Meliae said.

“They don’t know we were coming, but you assumed the role of emissary on their behalf.” Vince asked, for perhaps the thirtieth time, “Are you truly positive this was the best course for us?”

“Yes. It’ll be fine, Sweetling. We have our needs, and I know what they need.”

“And what do they need?” Vince inquired, not really expecting an answer. For whatever reason, she’d been close mouthed about what her mother’s grove needed.

Meliae said nothing, his lips pressing tightly together.

He never pushed her about it either and wasn’t going to start now. Thinking about it from her own position, Vince could only imagine it wasn’t easy balancing his needs from her and her mother’s needs at the same time.

The conversation stopped as several women with spears could be barely made out in the dying light of the early evening. They were dodging between trees and heading on a collision course with Vince’s group.

All three came to a sliding stop directly in front of them, their spears held loosely at their sides.

They were all Dryads of course. One of them even had a rather similar appearance to Meliae.

“Meliae, head of the Yosemite grove, would ask to speak with the head of the Wooden Heart grove,” Meliae said in a neutral tone.

It had no emotion in it whatsoever.

Silence fell over everyone once more. The three Dryads stared at Meliae while she stared back.

Eventually, the one who looked similar to Meliae broke the tension with a grin.

“I’ll go ahead and tell mother you’ve returned. Your old room is filled, but the guest house is open for the moment,” said the Dryad.

Letting out a slow breath Meliae ducked her head towards the woman who’d spoken. Bolting off, the Dryad was gone in a single breath. The other two Dryads relaxed and began to walk back the way they came.

Turning her head to Vince, she gave him a crooked smile. “Let me show you where I grew up, Sweetling.”

Not waiting for a response, Meliae trooped ahead.

Falling in behind her, he could only wonder what lay in wait for him.

“Most of everything this far out is simply a barrier. Trees grown and maintained to shelter the grove and give the defenders time to respond. I’ve only been gone from here for a short while, but it seems like forever.” Meliae’s voice carried easily and she seemed rather at ease. He could only imagine it was like going back to your childhood home for her.

“Up ahead is the center of the grove. Mother lives there with her oldest unplanted children. Spread out around that are all the various homes of the inhabitants.

“Truthfully, it’s a small place. Big enough for the grove and its needs, but not much else. Left to ourselves, we Dryads need for little.”

As if passing through a curtain, the trees were no longer there, and an open field lay before them.

Houses, fields, and small paths filled the center and grew out from there. Vince could easily see signs of expansion. Newer homes with different styles and wood that hadn’t been aged with time.

Using that as a marker, he could see the growth was steady, but slow.

“Dryads born here in the grove eventually have to leave of course. They can’t share in the husbands of the grove since they’re likely to be blood relatives.”

Which explains the slow growth. Only unaffiliated Dryads can remain.

Vince kept himself from sighing as Meliae continued on. He was tired. Very tired.

Carrying the Dragonnewt and constantly cycling his power had exhausted him mentally if not physically.

Meliae came to a sudden stop in front of him, her arm coming up to indicate the building they were in front of.

“…and this is where we’ll be staying. I doubt very much mother will be able to see us tonight. I imagine she’s tending to grove needs.”

Minutes later, Vince was happily sprawled out in a bed for himself, leaving everything else to his comrades.

They could take care of it, they were smart, enterprising people.

Right now, he just wanted to sleep.



Vince’s eyes popped open as the sound of his door opening brought him to wakefulness.

In the low light he could see Elysia stepping through doorway.

“This way,” she said to someone behind her.

Blue and Green followed her in, carrying what looked like a duffel bag between them.

Closing the door Elysia strode right up to his bed and smiled down at him.

“Good evening, my liege,” Elysia said. Glancing over her shoulder she indicated to the wall. “Right there. Then you two can leave. We’ll decide what to do with you after.”

Blue and Green set down their load and then hesitated.

“Oh fine, take a seat,” Elysia said with a sigh.

Both the Dryads dropped down to a seated position right there.

Looking at the duffel bag, Vince realized it was Meliae. She’d been hogtied, gagged, and bound tightly. Her eyes were wide and greened over completely, watching him.

I see.

Elysia reached up and undid the clasp of her cloak. The clothing hissed as it slid off her bare skin, revealing that she had nothing on underneath.

She wore only the collar he’d put on her, and nothing else.

“Just remain comfortable, my liege. I’m afraid you’ll not be slipping away this time,” Elysia said with a firm tone of voice. Leaning over she undid the button on his pants and pulled down his fly.

Grasping both the hem of his pants and his underwear she slid them down to his ankles.

“Hm, and what shall we do with this?” Elysia asked softly, her right hand cupping his half erect member. Her left hand slid down underneath that and gave his jewels a gentle squeeze.

Vince took in a slow breath, his skin prickling and his heartbeat rapidly increasing.

He had a number of aggressive women in his life, he’d just never expected it from Elysia.

She’d even gone so far as to include the Dryads for their own benefit, since she would get nothing out of them watching.

Unless she’s into that?

Elysia dipped her head down to his waist and slid her tongue along his shaft. Reaching the tip she moved back to the base and did it again, taking a different route.

Her warm and moist tongue left a wet trail as she went, his manhood leaping upwards at her attention.

“Oh, aren’t you eager,” Elysia said with a soft laugh. Kissing the tip, she rolled her tongue down from there, under the shaft and across his balls.

“I’d considered making Blue or Green do this, but I think for my first, I’d like to be responsible,” Elysia said, staring up at him, her eyes sparkling. Turning her head to the side as she kept eye contact with him, she wrapped her lips around his head and then moved down.

Making her way along his shaft she paused at the hilt, her lips stretching as she sucked on him. Her cheeks flexed as she began drawing her head back, leaving his entire length coated in her saliva.

With a soft pop, he came free of her lips. She eyed him critically and then nodded. “That should be enough. Forgive me, my dear liege, but I’ll not be servicing you like that on our first night. Maybe our second. I promise I’ll make one of the Dryads clean you up after, while the other cleans me.”

Elysia moved then, sinking her knees down on each side of his waist.

She took a moment to position her hips, her left hand reaching down between her thighs.

Vince knew what was coming and got comfortable. He wouldn’t stop her, and he planned on enjoying it.

He felt her long fingers find and grasp him. She angled his tip, and he could feel more so than see when she placed his head against her opening.

Moving herself down, her slit parted for him as he began to enter her.

Pausing, she put her hands down on each side of his head and then smiled down at him.

“You’re mine,” she said in a throaty whisper.

The skin all over his body tingled at her words, his hands coming up to rest on her hips.

Staring into his face, she pushed down on him, his member entering her depths. Inch by inch he filled her, ripping her hymen, and spearing deep into her.

“All mine,” Elysia said as her hips came to rest in his lap, his length buried in her.

Her hips rolling forward with ease, he felt as her hot channel gripped and squeezed at him. Then she released her muscles and rocked backward before squeezing tight to him again.

Moaning, Elysia started to grind into him, her hips swaying back and forth as she rode him.

Digging his fingers into her soft flesh, he lifted his lower back and hips to give her a bit more to play with.

Grinning wildly at him, Elysia’s eyes never left his as she mounted him.

Her insides scraped at him as she worked him through her channel. Her speed remained constant, but it was the force she was using that changed.

Only a minute after she started, it was clear she was close to her end.

It was even more obvious when she dropped off the edge and into her first orgasm. Her body spasmed and then locked up, her breath coming out in a shudder. Her eyes screwed shut as she trembled atop him.

“Mmm. That hurt but was great, too,” Elysia all but purred as she opened her eyes again. She stared down at him with a self-satisfied smile. “I didn’t last long though, did I?”

Leaning down she kissed him roughly but briefly.

“That means I need you to take control and get on top of your beloved High Elf and give her another one. Be sure to meet Meliae’s eyes here and there as you’re having me. Blue and Green once or twice. But I want your eyes on me and only me when you seed me,” Elysia said. Leaning down she gave him a hungry kiss.

“Now, hurry up, my liege. My womb is waiting and eager. As my sister told you, ‘the night is young’, yes?”

So dominant.

I like it.

Vince leered at her and rolled to the side. Holding onto her he dropped her into the bed, her hair spilling out around her head.

Shifting his weight around he tried not to crush the Elven woman. He made sure to steal a kiss or two from her as he did so.

“Whatever my beautiful Elysia demands,” he said.

Elysia gave him a smirk and spread her knees apart, opening herself up to him.

“Get to work,” she commanded, her hands reaching around and slapping his ass.





Chapter 17



The next morning, Vince and his people were formally invited into a closed door meeting with the Wooden Heart grove leadership.

He’d been escorted into the densest part of the grove and told to go into a specific building. Without waiting for further instructions, as he’d assumed there would be none, Vince entered.

Inside there was a table, a dozen chairs, and some light fare laid out. Along one wall was a desk with a number of papers, writing implements, and other bric-a-brac.

It felt more like a study than a meeting room.

Then again, they weren’t exactly expecting us to show up.

Taking one of the chairs, Vince flopped down into it. Reaching to the center of the table he scooped up an apple and bit into it without preamble.

Elysia took the chair to his left, Meliae dropping into the chair on the right. Red circled the room once and then sat down in the corner and closed her eyes.

Leila had offered to stay with the Dragonnewt and keep an eye on her.

Reaching over, Elysia took the apple out of his hand and began eating it herself.

Giving her a look Vince raised an eyebrow at her.

She met his eyes, chewing languidly on the stolen fruit. After finally swallowing she asked, “Yes, my liege?”

Settling into her new role quite well. Wife and chamberlain.

“Any particular reason you wanted my apple?” Vince inquired, picking up yet another apple.

“Only because your lips had been on it, my liege. I was jealous,” Elysia said, nodding her head.

Meliae snickered to herself, causing Vince to glare her way. “What? It’s amusing, Sweetling. Besides, she took care of my—our—needs. I’m in her debt already. Blue and Green would agree.”

“Hmph. What’s your mother’s name exactly?” Vince asked, changing the subject before his mind wandered back to Blue cleaning him up while Green worked Elysia over. “How do I address her? I probably should have asked previously but…”

“Her name is Mila. Simply call her Lady, or Lady Mila,” Meliae said around a mouthful of food. “She’s an apple Dryad.”

Vince looked to the apple in his hand and then took another bite.

“Definitely one of the better apples I’ve ever had,” Vince admitted.

“Thank you, I take great pride in my bounty,” said a clear voice. “You must be Vince.”

Looking to the speaker, Vince couldn’t help but hesitate. It was like looking at an older version of Meliae, though with some clear minor differences.

“Lady Mila, I am indeed Vince. Might I say, I now see where Meliae gets her beauty from,” Vince said with a smile, holding out a hand to the lovely older Dryad.

“Why thank you. I apologize for the wait, I wasn’t able to slip away from my duties until only a few minutes ago. Before we get started, I’d like to say, while I’m quite happy to see my daughter, I’d like to know how she’s here?” Mila asked, taking a seat directly across from Vince.

“Ah, I’m her tree. Though, it’s better to be said, I’m her grove. I have a number of trees planted in me and bound together. As for the other Dryads who are part of that grove not being here, honestly I’m not sure. I’ve been assured that this distance isn’t too great for those Dryads bound to me that aren’t here. Something to do with being their grove, tree, and man. Is that about it?” Vince asked, looking to Meliae.

“Ah, yes. That’s… that’s all accurate,” confirmed the Dryad.

“Impressive. You must be incredibly strong then. Mightily so. To be the host of an entire grove. Well, thank you for sating a mother’s curiosity,” Mila said, giving him a smile.

“Grandmother,” Vince clarified.

Let’s see if we can’t put her off balance.

Mila blinked at that, and then turned her head directly to Meliae with a wide grin.

“Two,” Meliae admitted, blushing. “A boy and a girl. She isn’t a Dryad though, she’s human.”

Mila froze for a second and then laughed. “Mighty indeed, to overwhelm a Dryad. Please, bring them by later, dear. It’ll be the first time I’ve ever met my grandchildren while they’re little.”

“Of course, mother. I will.”

Turning her head back to Vince, Mila continued to smile radiantly. “Lord Vince,” Mila began. “I imagine you have an agenda for this meeting. Is there any chance you could share it with me? Again, I’ve had no time to prepare and—”

Elysia slipped a paper out of her ledger and laid it down in front of Mila.

Looking from the paper to Elysia, Mila nodded her head once, laid a finger to the words written on the paper, and began reading.

“You smell of Vince,” said the older Dryad without looking up.

“I should hope so. My liege has a number of wives, I’m the newest,” Elysia said without any shame. “Meliae informs me I’m already pregnant after the first try. Our liege is rather… apt with his seed.”

Vince frowned and looked to the High Elf. He hadn’t known that and was surprised. Not upset, just surprised.

“Yes, my liege? Did you think it wouldn’t happen? Eva and Thera are also pregnant. You’ll have your second round of children in nine months,” Elysia said with a beautiful smile.

Great. I’m going to drown in my own children.

“I believe we can help with your needs,” Mila said, looking up from the paper. “We should be able to work out a suitable arrangement between our two peoples.”

Managing to barely hold back a sigh of relief, Vince only smiled instead.

“Wonderful. Our most pressing need is food. We’ve taken on a number of new citizens and find ourselves unable to feed everyone sufficiently in the near future.”

Lifting a hand, Mila pressed it to her lower lip. “We’re able to produce quite a bit of fruits and vegetables here. Enough to feed at least two thousand a month. Our surplus is about half of that. Most of it gets turned into compost or traded.”

Going over the previous figures in his head, he knew that’d probably give them another three months’ breathing room before everything fell apart. Three months was infinitely closer to being self-sustaining than they were previously.

“Great. I believe we can purchase or offer you trade in equal—”

“No. We don’t need either of those,” Mila said, interrupting him.

Vince’s heart skipped a beat. He imagined she had something in mind that she wanted if she didn’t want coin or trade.

“I believe our support is worth more than the value of the items we’d trade. I believe I’ve even thought of a proposal I would accept,” Mila said. Giving her head a firm nod she laid her hand back down on the table and homed in on Vince.

“My request on your part, for our surplus, is as follows: You will build, station, and maintain a garrison here at Wooden Heart. Please make sure to only send single, unattached men. I have no doubt we’ll be using them as a breeding pool.”

Mila lifted her hand and held up her thumb

“Second, you’ll send all willing Dryads who are unrelated to Wooden Heart, to Wooden Heart. I would like to see my grove grow, and to do that, I need more Dryads.”

The Lady of the grove held up her index finger.

“I would also ask that you build, and maintain, a road between Yosemite and Wooden Heart to facilitate better relations and trade.”

Lifting her middle finger, Mila nodded her head once.

“Those are my needs.”

Vince chewed on that. He didn’t really want to give in to everything she’d asked for. It’d be a good number of people to maintain a defensible garrison here. On top of that, the roadwork wouldn’t be easy or swift.

Beyond even that, limiting the incoming Dryads to Yosemite would definitely impact his personal power.

We need this though. Desperately.

“I would amend one thing, and add two others,” Vince said slowly.

Mila tilted her head to one side. “Speak, son-in-law. As the father of my grandchildren, and husband to my daughter, I’m willing to make concessions.”

“Any Dryad looking to join our grove will be sent your way. All of the existing Dryads under my domain will remain with me. I have a need of them to help Yosemite grow.”

Staring at him for several seconds, Mila seemed to contemplate how far he’d bend on that. Finally, she sighed and gave her head a tiny nod. “We can agree to that.”

“In addition, I would ask that any Dryad who reaches the age where she would need to leave be given to the option to join Meliae’s grove. In this way, we can better protect one another, and maintain family relations for those Dryads in your care as well. They would be able to visit freely, if they’re in my grove.”

Mila frowned for a second, and then smiled. “Agreed. That is something that would be welcome. Many of our daughters are sent to their death simply because we cannot keep them here.”

Vince was glad for that. He’d need to recruit new Dryads to keep building his personal power base. It’d be years before it paid off, but it’d be a steady increase.

They’d also all be loyal to him and no other.

No guts, no glory. Let’s see if we can start building our empire. Eventually, we’ll have to face the west.

“Lastly, I would amend what this entire deal is. Rather than a trade agreement, I would seek to make this an alliance of equals. I ask for this as I believe once a garrison is established, a city will more than likely spring up around Wooden Heart. With that in mind, I imagine we’ll need to allow dual citizenship between the two as well.”

Mila’s eyes became hooded as she watched him.

“I am no fool. If I agree to this, in time it’s very likely Wooden Heart would fall under the reach of Yosemite.”

Vince had expected this. Mila seemed the intelligent type. A garrison in her domain was a problem for her, but not if she had them all under her thrall through Dryad wiles.

But an alliance and town would curtail that.

“I… do not deny you’re right. That would be in the future though, and honestly, would it be that bad? Two groves forming the basis of a kingdom? If indeed you were to fall under the domain of Yosemite, and I were its King, would you not be the Duchess of Wooden Heart and its surrounding lands? Mother-in-law to the emperor, grandmother to its heirs, Duchess of Wooden Heart. The Dryad who would oversee all new Dryads from outside of Yosemite. Only your grove’s offspring would be able to join Meliae’s grove, essentially making you second only to Meliae in the Dryad ranks.”

Mila narrowed her eyes, revealing nothing about her thoughts and which way she’d go.

There was a moment, just a moment, where he saw the greens of her eyes expand, then immediately contract.

The Lady of Wooden Heart’s face split into a blazing grin.

“Duchess of the grove and surrounding lands, you say? Let’s see where this goes then. I agree to your alliance for the time being. When will my Lord Vince be sending his masons, carpenters, and soldiers to defend his new ally?”

And just like that, he’d managed to buy some time.

“Can we go home now? Red wants to be fed. Then Red wants to go home and play,” grumbled the Cursed One from the corner.

“Ah, as to when, I’ll have them sent over immediately as I return. Though I fear my newest companion might need a day to recover,” Vince said. “Then yes, Red, we can go home.”

And I’ll feed you tonight, too.

“Good, there was a massive explosion of natural energy to the east of here. It’s left everyone here on edge,” Mila said, tapping a fingernail to the table.

“I can safely say that you don’t have to worry about that,” Vince said with a shrug of his shoulders. “Got in a fight with a Valkyrie, a Mage, the Dragonnewt, and some golems. I overdid it and lost control of myself. The blast was me.”

The Lady of Wooden Heart blinked twice, then leaned back in her chair.

“Mighty indeed,” she murmured. “I’ll have my Dryads look over your companions. Barring anything truly serious, you should be able to head back tonight.”



Mila had determined that the Dragonnewt had a concussion, and a maimed wing that would never heal on its own. The Lady of Wooden Heart had the concussion healed within the hour, but the wing was beyond her immediate ability, and truthfully, inclination.

That wing could be brought back to full health, but not without considerable investment from a Dryad.

Which meant Ramona the Dragonnewt wasn’t going anywhere without striking a deal with Vince or Mila to have her wing repaired.

Ramona had spoken to Mila for a short period of time before storming off without a backward glance. After that she’d simply kept to herself. Ignoring Vince entirely.

Ramona wasn’t very talkative with the rest of the group either. It made her presence a bother, really. Everyone was annoyed and clearly at a loss with how to proceed with her.

In fact the entire trip back to Yosemite was mostly Vince, Elysia, Leila, and Meliae talking.

Red didn’t say much, while Blue and Green acted the part of mutes but were never far from his side.

As was always the case, the moment he could see the walls of Yosemite, Vince felt an unknown weight lift off his shoulders. It was that feeling of “coming home” that he felt.

Smiling to himself, he looked forward to getting inside.

They’d sent no one ahead by his order. Even Gert, Ris, and Set remained with the group.

With any luck, he’d slip inside, and be able to—

Two Dryads and a squad of Frit’s people were outside of Renzig’s Stand, actively screening guests, traders, and citizens as they entered.

Sighing to himself, he realized unless he really planned for it, he’d never get the chance to wander around his city without being noticed.

I mean, come on. If I could wander around without being noticed, wouldn’t that mean the security of Yosemite failed?

Both Dryads focused on his group after allowing a wagon entry. As they drew nearer to the Dryads he wondered when they’d notice.

Several heartbeats later, both Dryads crossed their arms across their chest in salute.

As if realizing something had changed, Frit’s squad locked eyes on Vince’s group and immediately went to attention as well.

“Run along, you three. Check in with your superiors and get back into rotation,” Vince said to his scouts. Gert, Ris, and Set left immediately since they’d been dismissed.

Drawing up to the gate guards, Vince bobbed his head to them.

Entering into the city proper, he couldn’t help but smile. Everywhere were his people, working, living, and existing alongside one another. Races and clans that would have tried to kill each other on the outside.

Two Ogres outfitted in heavy gear stepped into formation behind his group. A large Orc set off at a sprint towards the building Kitch had built for her group’s barracks.

She had seemingly set up a lookout post for his return.

Is she recruiting Orcs now? I suppose they’d be a light infantry version of Ogres and Trolls.

Ramona looked at the Ogres nervously, her scaled hands flexing nervously.

“Don’t worry. Guards for Bringer. They nice. Red rides them at times,” Red explained. Crouching low, Red pounced upward, scrambling up one of the Ogre’s armor.

Then she sat down on his shoulder plate and began surveying their surroundings.

For his part, the Ogre looked at her, then went back to watching for threats. She was no weight at all to him.

Vince had heard from Gert that Red had already been discussed amongst the Yosemite captains. Everyone knew she was a close personal bodyguard for Vince. Though no one had proof of it, apparently people believed that she could fight Fes and Petra to a standstill, if not win outright.

There was no mistaking Vince for anyone other than who he was now that his escort had slid into their place.

Nodding towards the assembly hall, Vince set himself onto the inevitable path of simply meeting with Felicity.

Realistically, the sooner he got Elysia and Felicity on the same page, the sooner he could go do nothing and enjoy it.

And yet, in a week I’ll be itching to leave.

“Elysia. I’d like you to book me some time tomorrow. I need to speak with the Dryads about the new conditions we’ve taken on.

“The day after that, we should probably pop all those collars. I imagine it’ll be helpful to the grove on top of that,” Vince said.

“Yes indeed, Sweetling. It truly will be. I’ll go let my sisters know,” Meliae said with a happy smile on her face. “Come with me, Green. Blue, you stay with Vince.”

Blue and Green shared a look, and then separated quickly.

Strange. They really are different than most of the other Dryads.

Quicker than he realized, they’d reached their destination. Sighing, he looked at Leila, his Ogre guards, Red, and Ramona. “Alright, you can wait out here, or inside the assembly hall, but the meeting I’m going to have with Felicity and Elysia will be a closed door one. Questions?” Vince asked.

Ramona looked lost, her reptilian blue eyes shifting to him and then away.

“Leila, get Ramona a room. I’m sure she’ll want to discuss something with me later today.”

Vince turned on his heel and entered, stepping through the big doors of the assembly hall. Elysia walked pace for pace for him on his left, both of them heading straight for a door off to one side.

Behind that door was a small wing which held the offices Elysia and Felicity worked out of.

No sooner had the door closed behind them after they’d entered, than Felicity came out like a rocket.

“Oh, thank goodness!” exclaimed the Dark Elf. She hurried up to Elysia and opened up her own ledger.

She really does take after Elysia.

“We ended up taking on almost every single person that was brought back. On top of that, we got another wave of refugees and the military came calling, asking if they could sell us more citizens. I… I accepted both.

“I’m sorry! The idea of turning them away… they had nothing. Not even a scrap to their names or—”

“It’s alright,” Vince said, interrupting the poor girl. He couldn’t help but grin at her soft-hearted self. “How bad is it?”

“We, we have enough for a month,” Felicity said quietly.

Sighing, Vince scratched at his temple with a fingertip. “Alright. So add a month to that, we got an agreement with Wooden Heart. Did we hear back from the west?”

“They won’t deal with us on anything other than military equipment and slaves. They’re claiming they need everything else,” Felicity said, her eyes downcast. “They might change their mind if you were to go personally.”

“That leaves us reaching out to others in the Waste. Suddenly I feel like we have a clear direction,” Vince said with a touch of sarcasm.

A clear direction with a dagger pointing back at us.





Chapter 18



Vince had two days to figure out a plan. More than that, and depending on the distance, they’d run out of time.

To help offset things, he’d sent the army’s scouts into the woods throughout the forest to hunt. He’d given each of them explicit counts to meet per week, and not a single kill more.

It’d tax the population heavily. They bred quickly enough though. So long as they left them alone for a season, it’d correct itself.

Between the increased hunting, and fishing, they’d maybe gain another month.

Maybe.

He’d hidden nothing from his people. The same day they’d figured out all the details with Felicity, he’d held an open council to discuss the situation with the councillors.

There was no doubt in his mind that everyone would be working on the problem in their own way.

Really, Yosemite only had to get through a year before their food situation would be solved.

Next year’s harvest would be enough to not only cover current needs, but the next as well.

Those Dryads are already pushing everything in the soil to their limits.

Leaning back in his chair, Vince sighed.

Having dealt with the news as best as he could, he’d retreated to his back porch. Evening was settling in and Vince was happy for it. Maybe tomorrow would bring better news.

“Vince.”

Tilting his head to the side he looked towards the voice.

Standing at the end of the decking was Ramona.

“Ramona,” Vince said, acknowledging her.

“I wish to discuss terms.”

“I wondered when you would. I can’t imagine the idea of not having your wing working at full capacity is a very fun one. I’ve already spoken to Meliae. It would take months of dedicated work to get you back to normal.”

Chewing at his lower lip, Vince rubbed his hand across his chin.

“The question becomes, what do you offer that’s worth that, when I’m the only one who can offer you that along with protection during that period. Especially since we both know that Mila turned you away.”

Ramona’s lips pressed to a thin line.

“I won’t buy your help by demeaning myself,” hissed the Dragonnewt.

“Demean yoursel—oh, no thanks. You’re pretty but I’ve got more than enough Dryads to keep me occupied till my hips give out,” Vince said without a hint of shame.

Turning his head, he looked out onto the field that was his backyard.

He could see Dryads moving about it. Making changes, planting things, planning things.

“I can get you an audience with the masters of Vegas,” Ramona said after several seconds of silence. “They owe me a favor, they can at least see you.”

“Vegas?” Vince asked curiously. He’d heard rumors of a city down that way. Never anything concrete though.

“It’s a trading hub for non-humans only. They deal with anyone and anything that you could imagine.”

Her offer was tempting. Very tempting.

Mostly because he didn’t have any other answers or plans. Sure there was the Wood Elf tribe to the northeast, but there was no guarantee for that either.

At least with this he could get an audience.

If there was a trading hub that could get him the resources he needed, then so be it.

Far better than sitting around doing nothing. Elysia and Felicity can handle things here while I make that trip.

“I’ll need to go with you, so you’ll need to take a Dryad or two with us so she can work on my wing. I won’t make the trip otherwise.”

Vince waved a conciliatory hand at her.

“Fine. Consider the bargain struck. Let me get my affairs in order and we’ll leave the day after tomorrow.”

Sighing, he shook his head and tried to clear the problems of the day away.

A possibility is better than what we had.

Levering himself up from the chair, and away from Ramona, Vince ambled back into the manor.

Without having made the conscious decision, Vince found himself inside of the nursery. Closing the door as quietly as he could behind himself, Vince could only smile.

There his four children lay in their four bassinets.

And behind every child was a Dryad sleeping on a cot.

Meliae, Daphne, Karya, and… Blue and Green?

He hadn’t noticed it at first but Blue and Green were sharing a cot behind Vince Junior.

Two ant-like limbs encircled his waist and drew him backward a step.

At the same time, to human arms slipped around his shoulders.

“This one greets her husband, her master,” Petra whispered into his ear.

Reaching up he laid his hands atop her own. “Hey, Petra.”

“This one is on night watch for our children. None shall harm them.”

“Ah.” Vince nodded his head to that. He didn’t like it, but it made sense.

A pair of red reflective eyes opened in the corner of the room. Then they closed again.

Apparently Red is guarding the young as well.

“This one appreciates master’s newest wife candidates. They are strong in their own ways. Though this one believes only the red eyed one is truly loyal.”

The conversation was drifting into an area he didn’t really want to talk about. He’d thought a few times about how Fes would take him bringing aboard Red, Leila, and Ramona. It seemed like Fes had gotten the wrong impression of his intentions.

“Why are the Dryads here?” Vince asked, changing the topic.

“They’re here to insure proper growth and that needs are met. They take it in a rotation, similar to our night watch.”

“Is—is there something wrong with them?” Vince felt his heart lurch up into his throat.

Why do they need this? Did something happen?

“No, husband. Nothing is wrong. This one is happy to report they’re all quite healthy. This is Meliae simply acting to make sure they reach their full potential.”

“Oh. Good. I wanted to see them because I’m fairly certain I’ll be leaving again in a few days. We’ve got a lead on someone that might be able to handle our needs. We’ll see.”

“This one is glad to hear that. She regrets she will not be able to accompany her master and husband. She… does not wish to be separated from her son again.”

“I understand completely, and I expected no less from you.” Turning around in her grasp, Vince found himself eye to eye with his ant soldier.

Grinning, Vince gave her a kiss and hugged her tightly to himself. “I love you, Petra. I’m going to go hit the sack. Any possibility of you joining me tomorrow night?”

“This one will make sure that happens.”

Tomorrow we need to pop collars, and settle the grove. Then probably get packed again.

For a new father, I’ve really not had a chance to see my own children very much.

I suck.



This sucks.

Vince stared at the darkened room with a vague sense of unease.

Several hours before, in the morning, they’d had all the Dryads brought in for an assembly. Those who hadn’t planted their tree in him yet did so, and those who had, merely attended.

Since then, he hadn’t seen much of the Dryads, and now he knew why.

Meliae had collected them all. Brought them here. And set this up.

This being a Dryad fuck party.

For which Meliae had stripped him nude as soon as he entered.

He knew it would have to happen before he left, but this seemed bizarre.

Willing to bet that this serves their own needs more than my own.

His thought echoed clearly when he really looked around the room.

Curtains had been strung up, creating a corridor that ran the entire length of the large room.

Peeking out of the bottom of those curtains were the lower halves of what he could only assume were his Dryads.

All that was visible from his side of the curtain was from the waist down.

They were also completely nude.

Vince would be the first person to admit he was getting into the kinky swing of Dryad sexual needs, but this was something out of a juvenile fantasy.

Row after row after row of willing Dryads, waiting and willing.

Legs shifted, hips twisting as they moved around on the beds that had been set up.

“Meliae, this is…” Vince hesitated, looking to his side.

Meliae stood there, flanked by Karya and Daphne.

Sighing, the Lady of Yosemite grove gave him a small smile. “I know. But… this is the best way I can make this as random as possible. Everyone gets a fair chance.”

“A fair chance?” Vince asked, unable to keep himself from looking down that corridor of hips and legs.

“The order in which you give them your seed will also be their prestige. Almost like a rank. Like this, it’s random since you can’t really see who’s who,” Meliae said with a nod of her head.

Karya and Daphne nodded their heads to this.

“It’s true,” Daphne said with a frown.

“We can’t think of another way to give it an equal footing,” Karya apologized.

“Right,” Vince said with a grim tone of voice. “So I just…” Vince trailed off, waving a hand down the corridor of shapely Dryad legs.

“Uhm, yes. Sorry, Sweetling. This’ll be the only time, I promise,” Meliae said, looking at her feet.

“It’s fine. I understand. Let’s get to it then.”

Vince started walking down, getting an eyeful of each as he went.

Let’s see if I can’t find those two...

Chortling to himself, he sidled up to a waistline that was unmistakably narrow.

Elven, really.

“Hi, Blue,” Vince said softly, laying his hand on the woman’s knee.

The Dryad behind the curtain froze up. Then she relaxed, her toes wiggling in a nervous way.

That’s Blue.

Grinning he looked one row down from Blue.

And found a pair of legs that were rather short, and a wide set of hips.

Taking several steps over, he laid a hand on the Dryad’s hip. “Hi, Green.”

The soft intake of a sudden breath, almost imperceptible to the ear, gave her away.

He’d found both of them easily enough.

Moving back to Blue, he grabbed a hold of her hips and eased her closer to himself.

When he stopped pulling at her, the curtain rested just below her breasts.

Easing her legs apart, he got himself ready to claim Blue first.

“Damnit, Karya. They’re so obvious I could see them even from over here. Elven Dryads are too different,” Daphne hissed.

“You owe me more than you originally offered in exchange, sister,” Meliae said.

For her part, Karya only laughed, watching.

Hours and hours later, when it seemed like Vince was drained of vitality and seed alike, the grove seeding was complete.

That and he swore his hips were about to go out.

Blue had been first, followed immediately by Green.

After that he’d been scouring the room with his empathic sense. Selecting and choosing based on what he read from each.

Maybe it was cheating, maybe it wasn’t, but he wanted the grove hierarchy to be able to support itself without his direct intervention.

To that end, he picked leaders over passive Dryads.

The next day had been a flurry of popping collars from those who still wore them. Dumping all that magical power straight into the grove had an effect on his Dryads.

Between the grove seeding, and the magical power feed, he could practically feel the power coming off them.

Time, as was always the case lately, flew by. What time he had, he spent with Fes, Petra, Meliae, and their children.

Eva, Thera, and Elysia were never far. The way Fes treated them had changed overnight as well once she’d found out that he’d slept with them.

Soon enough, he was on the road east of Yosemite, heading back into the Wastes.

Red, Ramona, Leila, Blue, Green, and Vince were the only ones going this time. Ramona would be leading the way, Leila was a volunteer, and Red couldn’t survive without feeding from him.

Blue and Green were there for their Dryad abilities, and to heal Ramona. Between the two of them they took the place of Meliae and Karya, though neither was the fighter Daphne was.

Everyone else was struggling to do all that they could to acquire food, take care of the children, or grow the city.

The Dryads and Elves were both upset that they were unable to leave, but they were needed.

The situation was grim.

Beyond grim.

And it’d take everyone to make progress.

Even then, victory wasn’t assured.



Ramona grunted and dropped her pack on the shore of the lake they’d stopped at.

“We’re three days north of Vegas,” she explained. “Depending on speed, we can arrive in the morning on the fourth day, or in the evening of the third. Fourth is better.”

“Right,” Vince said, looking around. “So we’re camping here to make that timeline. Makes sense.”

Casually dropping his pack to the ground he looked around. Finding nothing of interest other than the lake, Vince walked to the edge of the water and bent down.

“The water isn’t right, people get sick from drinking it,” Ramona warned.

“Oh?” Leaning his head down, Vince gave the water a sniff. He couldn’t detect anything.

Feeling the irritation rising in his spine, and almost being tempted to drink the water regardless, Vince stood up.

Walking off, he decided to explore the lakeshore. It would help soothe his nerves and maybe give him some time to think

He knew he was being pissy. Even knew why. But damned if he couldn’t get his mind to straighten back out.

It was the first time he’d been separated from everyone in his inner circle.

At least Blue and Green are talking now.

Surprisingly after being given such a high ranking, they’d kept their nicknames.

Vince lost himself in the sound of his own footfalls and the almost too soft to hear rippling of the water.

He only fell out of his reverie when he saw the outline of something manmade in the grass.

Perfectly square, and laid close to the ground, it was definitely made by the hand of something sentient.

The only reason Vince had even noticed it was that a tree had fallen over and uprooted itself. The grass all around had been torn up, making it that much easier to see the square.

Moving in that direction, he could tell it was cement. Laid flush with the ground where it wasn’t disturbed, it blended in quite well.

Right up until that tree tore up the grass along the side of the concrete.

Leaning down to get a better look, Vince brushed his fingers across the edges. There was a crack there beneath the dirt and grime. Shifting to the other side, he worked at tracing the outline. At about the halfway point along the other side, the crack made a ninety degree turn towards the center of the concrete.

A door.

Keeping low, Vince reached to the center and worked his hands back and forth across the grit.

Feeling something cold and hard shift under his fingers, he stopped. Reaching into that spot, he found what could only be a handle that was inlaid into the door.

Pulling on it, he felt the locking mechanism pop.

Nothing moved or budged though.

Setting his feet, Vince took hold of the handle with both hands and then lifted with his full strength.

Metal screeched before the loud pang of metal breaking ripped through the evening.

As the support gave way, Vince found he had nothing to pull against. Losing his footing, he tumbled backward, the door clanging and banging away from him.

Ten seconds later, while Vince caught his breath and sat there like a startled hare, Red came bounding in.

She came in at a run and moved in a controlled slide when she saw him. Her eyes scanned the area. She glanced down the hole and then resumed her scan.

Only when she seemed to believe the coast was clear did she look at him.

“What was that noise, Bringer? Red heard it from far away while hunting Leila,” Red said.

“I kinda tore open a door to somewhere,” Vince said, pointing at the gaping maw he’d created. Leila, Blue, Green, and Ramona all came trooping over next as he explained.

Standing up, Vince brushed himself off and moved to view his handiwork.

The large gears that had acted as the locking mechanism and door system were wrecked. Gear teeth were shattered and several of the bars were ripped free. The hinge point itself was torn in half.

All the metal was rusted shut. The door had been open, but unable to move.

“How strong are you, Vince? This is simply amazing. Did you use magic? I didn’t feel anything,” Leila asked, touching one of the gears.

“I just pulled on it,” Vince said lamely.

To be honest he didn’t really care anymore, he was focused more on staring down into the dark tunnel. At the lip of the entry, a ladder could be seen.

This is manmade. No doubt about it.

As a Ranger, Vince had more than his fair share of exploring dark and long-deserted places. Sometimes he was paid for it, sometimes he was just looking to loot the place.

Right now, Vince wanted to get down in there and have a look around.

“I’m going to go explore this. Red, you’re with me. Leila, stay here with Ramona. Blue, Green, one of you with me, you decide,” Vince said, grabbing the top rung of the ladder.

Turning around, he gave Leila a grin as he started to climb down into the dark hole.

Down, down, to nightmare town.





Chapter 19



Reaching the bottom of the ladder after climbing for some time, Vince peered into the darkness. There wasn’t a thing he could see from here.

Vince really did have spectacular night vision, but even he needed some light to actually see. And down here, there was no light at all.

Not a single speck of light, reflected or otherwise.

It was pitch dark.

Pushing his fingers into a vest pocket he retrieved his lighter and flipped it open, igniting it at the same time.

Soft orange light spilled out into the room. It didn’t eliminate the darkness, but he could see more now.

Ahead was a steel doorframe and a solid looking door. And beyond that door, only the darkness knew what lay in wait for them.

Walking ahead, he transferred the lighter to his left hand and checked his saber with his right. He lifted it slightly to make sure it would clear the sheathe and let it drop again.

Places like this was where the long since dead were. Given enough time, magic, or a necromancer, those dead could be walking around.

A sword wasn’t ideal, but it was better than his fists and feet.

Red hit the ground behind him with a thump.

Did she drop down without holding on to the ladder?

Pushing the thought from his mind, he focused on what was ahead of him.

Reaching ahead he grasped the door handle and gave it a slow turn. A click of the latch coming free was all he heard.

Pulling on the door there was a hiss of decompressing air as he broke the airlock from the entry tunnel to whatever lay beyond.

Stale air blew past him and ruffled his hair. Giving it a sniff, Vince couldn’t detect anything that could be a problem.

Moving forward, he continued onward. As he passed through the doorway there was a click, followed by a whirring noise. Vince froze, waiting, tense. Those sounds were usually something that proceeded a trap.

Yet nothing happened.

Even as the whirring grew louder, still nothing happened.

There was a thump from deep within the darkness, followed by a reverberating series of clacks. Light began flooding in from the ceiling down the hallway. Each time he heard that clack, another light turned on.

Closing his lighter while moving as little as he could, Vince watched as those lights came closer and closer.

Finally, a clack sounded right above his head, and the hallway he was in was immediately bathed in blinding, life sucking, fluorescent light.

Peering upwards he could see the recessed light fixture in the ceiling.

“Magic light. Bringer, Red would like to leave now,” Red grumbled.

“It’s not magic,” Blue said softly. Her voice was smooth and kind.

“No, it’s not magic,” Vince agreed. Standing upright he continued down the hall. “It’s electricity. And light bulbs. Both of which aren’t common or normal anymore.”

On exiting the corridor, he found himself in what could only be described as a lobby.

All around him were things he’d seen a thousand times in many a building. Except they’d always been in pieces and broken fragments.

Here, they were all intact.

Dusty, and unused, but intact.

“Red feels like this is a tomb,” grumbled the Cursed One.

“I feel no undead,” Blue countered.

“Bicker later, loot now,” Vince commanded. His tension had long since passed. There was nothing alive here. And if Blue was certain that there were no undead either, it meant this was a piggybank.

Waiting for him to smash it open and make off with the loot.

“We’ll pack it up at the entryway here, and close that door back up above us on the way out. We’ll collect all this on our way home,” Vince said.

He moved over to the counter that could only be the receiving desk. Rifling through the papers on top, he began opening drawers and cabinets, looking for anything of value.

Mountains of paper were mostly what he found. As he got to some of the cabinets in the back, ones that looked as if they’d been unused even when this place was inhabited, the paper changed. The papers near the counter and spread out everywhere else were of a lesser quality than this.

All of the paper in these cabinets was crisp, firm.

And almost every paper had “Groom Lake: Classified” written all over it.

Finding nothing of use or importance, Vince left the lobby and began looting each room in succession.

Then he spent an hour searching room by room. Looting, sorting, and packing everything of value he found.

At the end of that hour, Vince found himself standing in front of a door unlike anything else in the complex.

Locked, barred from his side, and very, very heavy.

The locking mechanism was complex and looked like it was fastened in each corner.

To his eye, it had more the look of a vault door than anything else.

Maybe this is why this place is abandoned?

Staring at the door, what he first thought was texturing were actually… dents.

A large number of dents that could only be caused by whatever had been on the other side of the door.

Soft footfalls behind him alerted Vince to the fact that someone was coming up on him.

Red would have used the opportunity to pounce him if he hadn’t noticed.

“Hey, Blue, can you feel anything on the other side of this?” Vince asked, pressing his fingertips to one especially large dent.

“I… a plant? I think? Nothing else. It was sleeping,” Blue said. Moving to the door she stared into the corner where the frame met the wall. “It’s awake now. Nothing is in the room with it. Everything is dead. It’s a… strange plant. I can’t hear it very well from here though. These walls are as thick as the door.”

“The walls…?” Vince asked.

Everything points to this being a holding cell.

Making a decision, Vince flipped the bar out of its holding bracket.

“Is this wise, grove husband?” Blue asked with a tremor to her voice.

She wasn’t a martial woman, but she’d volunteered to be here. Fear wasn’t something you could avoid, it was how you dealt with it.

“Honestly, Blue, I trust you and your abilities. So, yeah. We should be fine,” Vince said. Giving the wheel a spin, the four locks popped and disengaged.

“And if we’re not,” Vince paused and heaved on the door. With a crunch, it swung out into the room. “Then we run.”

Even before the door opened completely, the interior of the room looked as if it had been at the eye of a tornado.

Light came down from above, though in spots it flickered or was off entirely.

The door stopped moving at the halfway mark, and ground to a halt.

Even after Vince gave it another shove, it went no further.

Slipping in between the frame and door, Vince looked to see what was behind the door.

It was a huge skeleton. Easily as big as an elephant, with a head that held a frightening number of pointed teeth.

Spread around that corpse were a number of human skeletons.

There’s the door knocker, and whoever was locked in here. That means whoever locked the door left… and never came back?

Frowning, Vince continued inward.

Before he could inspect the room any further, his eyes were drawn to a flickering light near the center of the room.

There, hanging over an empty pit, was what looked like an oval window.

As he got closer, Vince knew it was no window. A window needed to be placed in a wall, not floating in the air.

On top of that, windows didn’t have magical fritzing around the edges.

Then the window crackled and shrunk to the size of a dot, and expanded back to its normal size.

Glancing into the pit, Vince realized there was no visible bottom.

A bird flew in through the window, and flapped its way over to a corner of the room. Coming to stop, it dropped into what Vince assumed was its nest.

“It’s a… doorway to somewhere else,” he said aloud. “This whole room was a containment room to wherever that doorway goes.”

“I sense magic, and life on the other side of the doorway,” Blue said, sidling up to him.

Vince frowned, contemplating the doorway.

Blue casually laid her hand on his lower back, moving in close to Vince’s side.

She and Green had slid themselves into his bedroll rotation without a word of discussion. Blue was rather possessive of him, and Green pretended that she wasn’t naked and waiting for him in his bedroll when it was her turn.

Both were rather stoic as far as their personalities went. They really did seem far more Elven than all of their Dryad sisters.

“Magic, you say… well, that means it leads to the Wastes, or the worlds everyone else came from,” Vince said, staring through that window.

Other worlds weren’t even a debate anymore. The fact that Elves, Orcs, Dwarves, every race out there, all had different world stories had ended that question.

The only real question had really been how and why did the worlds collapse.

The doorway rapidly increased to three times its size, then shrunk again.

Maybe… the worlds didn’t collapse. Maybe this gateway expanded, dropped its occupants for that area, and then closed up again.

Tearing his eyes away from the window, Vince noticed a platform on the edge of the pit. On that platform was a seat level control bank with mechanical inputs.

How to make the doorway work perhaps?

Moving over to that set of switches, knobs, turn wheels, and buttons, Vince found they were all labeled. Each one had a piece of paper taped above it.

“Shift forward?” Vince asked no one, reading a label.

“This place is bad. Red thinks we should leave,” Red said. She’d slipped up behind him without him actually noticing.

“It’ll be fine,” Vince said, turning the dial.

The doorway made a crackling noise and then turned in on itself, only to open up again. Except it was looking into somewhere else now.

It was even nighttime. Time wasn’t fixed.

Blue came over to stand beside him as well, her head cocked to one side.

Moving the dial some more, Vince watched as multiple worlds flew by. Almost all of them were empty landscapes of forests, plains, or ocean.

So they ended up doing exactly this and something huge jumped through. It somehow managed to clear the gap and land on this side.

Either someone got out and shut the door, or the shut door was part of the procedure?

No doubt about it though… this is probably where the Wastes came from. But… if it’s true, why did they keep working on this? For years after that catastrophe they caused, judging by the paperwork we found. This was only recently abandoned.

This was long ongoing even after they wrecked the world.

Why keep playing with it if you already managed to end the world. To the point that it was a generational undertaking.

Vince sighed and let go of the dial.

Clicking once more, the window inverted and opened.

Opened onto a room with people in it.

A young man with brown hair was staring back at them through the gateway. He was seated behind a wooden desk with a magical construct in front of him.

“What the…” said the man

Beside him a female Waster, or so Vince assumed since she had animal ears on top of her head and a tail, lifted something that looked a lot like a gun to her shoulder.

“Andrea, wait!” shouted the man.

Red hissed and leapt on top of the control bank in front of Vince, her eyes glowing hotly. Ready to fight and take lives in a heartbeat.

A beautiful woman in strange tightly fitted attire to the man’s right flung out a hand, and a series of blazing symbols started to spread through the air.

Stepping up closer to Vince, Blue held out her staff in front of her. A visible green aura began to rapidly spread out around her staff. The light began filling the room.

It all happened in under two seconds, and it looked like it was going to get worse.

Vince reached out and flipped the dial forward, trying to move the portal forward as fast as possible.

The gateway sputtered and hissed, rapidly changing worlds as the dial spun.

Then it crackled loudly and blew out to a size twenty times its original before collapsing to nothing more than a pinpoint.

After that it turned red and began to vibrate uncontrollably. Finally, it began to expand again.

Looking to the controls, Vince read over all the labels.

“There, lock size,” he said. Thumbing the switch, he looked to the doorway.

It was still a very angry red, but it was no longer growing. It’d stopped at a size no bigger than a dinner plate.

Sighing, Vince now had a pretty good idea of what had happened. At what had almost happened to them.

“And so, we now know how the Wastes were made, and how everyone here died. It wasn’t the Elves. It was humans,” Vince said softly.

Letting his eyes fall away from the portal and to the controls, Vince sighed.

Everything that had gone wrong for so many people, was by the hand of man.

Frowning, Vince reached out and brushed a thumb across a number of black and white photos that were taped to the top of the boards.

His parents had talked about these before. He’d even seen a few in his time.

Running his fingers across them, he moved the dust aside. There’d been a lot more decay here since it had been open to the environment.

A young man stood there in the photo, holding up a placard in front of himself. He was a handsome man, human, though he had a neutral expression on his face.

The type you saw on prisoners.

“Subject one,” Vince murmured, his heart speeding up.

Moving to the next picture, he brushed the dust off with trembling hands.

The same man and woman stood side by side in what looked like a test room. The woman was wearing a long white lab coat, and the man was bare chested with monitoring equipment attached to him. They were smiling this time. Whatever resentment the man had, it wasn’t apparent in this photo.

Swallowing to fight the sudden dryness in his mouth, Vince moved to the third picture.

His fingers stopped as he brushed away enough dirt to see the faces of three people.

The man, the woman, and a baby. Both of them were all smiles, and the baby looked as if it couldn’t be old enough to hold its own head up.

Father, mother, and… me?

“Bringer, what’s wrong? Your heart is beating very fast,” Red asked, peering into his face, still crouched on the controls.

“I think… my father wasn’t human. Or at least, not from this world. And my mother… worked here,” Vince said, carefully freeing the pictures.

He wanted to go search through all those rooms again. He’d avoided personal objects, photos, and anything that didn’t have a value in the Wastes.

Now though, there were possibly things here that had value to him. Maybe even the possibility of learning more about his parents.

Or where they went.

“Oh,” Blue said. “That does explain your genetics, and why I have to fight constantly to ensure our child will be a Dryad. Green has made similar complaints.”

Vince blinked at that and gave his head a shake. The number of women currently pregnant by him was eight.

Not counting the Dryad seeding event.

Meliae hadn’t been joking in the least. Second wave of children indeed.

“Come on, I want to recheck all those rooms,” Vince muttered. “Maybe I can find some clues about my parents.”



By the time they left much later that night, Vince discovered very little of his parents’ life here. It was as if they’d packed up everything of personal value and left.

That or they had very little to take with them.

Realistically, Vince only had more questions than he had previously.

In fact, by the looks of it, his mother was manning the station that controlled the portal.

Did she make a mistake? Did she summon the creature that murdered the room? Did she escape and lock the door behind her, dooming all those that were still inside?

So many questions.

He did find one clue as they left the next morning though.

There was a map on the counter he’d overlooked previously. It had the look of something that someone had prepared to help guide their way to a specific location, rather than giving them a lay of the land.

Listed at the top near the old Canadian, right where Montana met Washington, was a circle.

He knew for a fact his parents had gone up north several times.

It was a long shot, and maybe went nowhere, but maybe this circle was where they’d gone.

Taking the map with him, he’d fled the complex entirely.





Chapter 20



“Keep your hood up,” Ramona ordered Vince.

Shrugging his shoulders, Vince reached up and pulled the hood on his cloak lower over his features.

Normally he wasn’t one for cloaks and hoods, they tended to get caught on things, but Ramona had insisted. Even going so far as to demand he keep the hood up as they entered into the boundaries of what people would consider “Vegas”.

That’d been an hour ago when she’d made that demand clear, and since then, he’d kept his hood low.

“Won’t they question me about the hood? I can’t imagine guards letting someone just wander in without showing their face,” Vince asked.

“Gold goes far in Vegas, it’ll only cost a few standards, and the wall guards will let us pass without a care,” Ramona explained.

Guards. Guards and scouts out there wandering around.

He’d sensed and seen a few persons out there. Watching them. Tracking them.

It made his shoulderblades itch and his skin prickle.

The idea of being watched so casually set his nerves on edge.

His Ranger instincts demanded that he immediately dive to the side and get into cover. To hide, wait, and disengage.

The watchers left them alone though. Whether it was because Ramona and Leila were clearly not human or because the watchers didn’t care, there was no contact.

“Is this going to be the norm? No humans in Vegas?” Vince asked quietly.

“Some. Most of them are slaves or magicians. You’re neither, so we must be careful at first,” Ramona explained.

“Worry not, Vince,” Leila chirped happily. “My master was from here and told a number of stories. It should be fine.”

“And what happened to your master?” Vince asked.

“Oh. He uh… went to Vegas and never came back. I’m sure it’s unrelated,” Leila said hurriedly.

Vince snorted at that and kept moving. They’d been walking down this road for quite a while now. Up ahead he could see the ruins of buildings on the skyline, and what looked to be a very large wall surrounding it all.

“It’s walled?” Vince asked Ramona.

“Yes. It’s been so as far as anyone can remember. This is the northern extent of the Tri-lliance.”

“You mentioned them a bit, but didn’t say much. Care to enlighten me since we’ll be chatting with them directly?” Vince pried. He’d attempted to get information out of her previously, but she’d been unwilling.

“I don’t think—”

“Stop,” Vince said, interrupting her. “We’re turning around. I’m not walking into this. It’s beginning to smell like a trap.”

Vince turned and began walking the way they came. Blue, Green, and Red immediately fell in with him without complaint.

“Wait,” Ramona hissed at him. “I said wait!”

Unresponsive, Vince kept on going. He was over working with no information.

Leila floated along lazily to one side. She seemed content regardless so long as she could continue to study Red.

“Fine! Ok! Fine, damnit. Just talking about it will put a death sentence on me. Don’t you understand?” Ramona nearly screamed at him.

“That’s fair,” Vince said, stopping in his tracks. “I’ll offer you a guaranteed place amongst my inner circle. I need more people who are knowledgeable about the wide world out there. You seem to know more of what lies to the south and further.”

Ramona stared at him with narrowed eyes. “Truly?”

“Yes. Now, do we turn around and head back towards Vegas as you talk, or do I go home to Yosemite?”

“Agreed then. Come, quickly, before they notice,” Ramona said with an annoyed tone to her words.

Turning around again, Vince started again towards to Vegas.

“The Tri-lliance. It’s more or less a collection of cities populated by non-humans with the goal to retake the entire area you term the ‘The Waste’ in its entirety.

“Vegas is the furthest they’ve gone north, as the tribes above refuse to capitulate, and the human crusades scared them quite badly,” Ramona explained.

“Ok, that all makes sense. So who rules the Tri-lliance, and who is their envoy in Vegas?” Vince asked.

“It’s ruled by a trio of leaders. I don’t know them or anything about them. But the envoys for Vegas are a Necromancer, a Dragon, and a Lizardman,” Ramona supplied.

“Huh. Alright. This’ll be a resource-driven trade deal. No emotions or sentimentality among those three,” Vince muttered to himself.

“That would be wise, yes. Ah, we’re going to be greeted,” Ramona said, coming to a stop.

Looking up, Vince could see several figures moving in their direction along the road.

“Any last minute instructions?” Vince asked quietly.

“Play along with whatever I say for now. It’ll be different once we can get inside the city,” Ramona said firmly.

Alright, then.

Vince and company waited quietly. Slowly and surely those figures resolved themselves into a trio of Lizardmen. They carried themselves with a strange juxtaposition of military bearing and personal swagger.

Ramona stepped forward and held her hand up. In her palm a medallion dangled on a ribbon.

“I’m a citizen by virtue. I’ve come with my… my husband and his other wives. We have no business other than to purchase a home and settle in for a while,” Ramona said clearly.

Two of the Lizardmen paused at that, the third glaring at the medallion.

“Fine. Come,” grumbled the Lizardman in the middle.

Without a word, everyone grouped up behind the Lizardmen.

Husband, huh? I suppose if their citizenship requirements are strict that would be one of the only ways in. Should be interesting to see the city. It’s fairly similar in makeup to Yosemite, isn’t it?

Nothing was said by anyone as they marched along.

There wasn’t even a verbal exchange when Ramona handed over a handful of coins as they were ushered into the city proper.

The city didn’t look anything like Yosemite.

The racial makeup was definitely varied, but the people, the buildings, even the streets weren’t similar in any way.

Yosemite was clean, built with a purpose, its citizens working together for a common goal.

Vegas looked… much more akin to a human city. The buildings were new and ramshackle at the same time. Its people grumbled and bumped into each other. Giving one another a wary eye, twitchy hands hovering over weapons.

Guards visibly patrolled and were almost more of a hindrance than a help. Vince could swear he even saw one group take money from a street merchant.

And let’s not forget we just bribed guards to get me inside with barely more than a glance. This is… this is everything that’s wrong.

Gaps in defense, abuse of power…

Vince mentally sighed and gave himself a mental shake.

Ramona was already walking down the main thoroughfare, forcing Vince to put his thoughts on pause and catch up.

They eventually turned down a side street and headed off the main boulevard. There wasn’t a single word exchanged until Ramona had them all inside a medium-sized two story home.

Though being a smidgen rundown, it appeared to be sturdy and secure.

“City hasn’t changed,” Ramona muttered to herself, heading towards a back room. “There’s only one guest room and the living room, other than my own bedroom. Rest, but don’t leave the house for any reason. Stay out of my bedroom. I’ll be leaving in several hours to meet my contact. Get a meeting set up. Very likely I won’t be back till tomorrow around noon. Half of the problem will be finding him.”

Then she shut the door behind herself, closing herself off from Vince and the others.

“W-well. I think I’ll just read,” Leila said. Pulling a book out of her bag, she floated off to a corner and sprawled out on her cushion of air.

Blue and Green looked at each other, then to Vince. They tended to look to him for direction, even though they’d been promoted in the Dryad ranks.

Red grunted and then curled up on the couch without a word, closing her eyes.

“Red hates this city. Smells bad. Bringer should take us home.”

Vince wanted to agree, but couldn’t. He had to be here for this, and there wasn’t much of a choice in that. His people needed food, which meant Vince needed to be here.

Even when all he wanted was to be home.



Ramona didn’t return that night. As she’d warned them of that, no one thought it wrong or out of the ordinary.

It had been hard to sleep that night. Unlike Yosemite, Vegas came to life at night. The volume of its citizens didn’t go down till the morning.

Vince had managed to catch a few hours, but Leila hadn’t actually fallen asleep until the sun came up.

She was passed out in the living room with Red.

Green and Blue were sleeping in the guest bed they’d slept in with Vince.

Having gone through many sleepless nights, Vince felt too out of sorts. He’d relegated himself to the kitchen since it was the furthest from the living room and bedrooms.

Just because he could get through it without too much of a problem, didn’t mean he couldn’t let the others sleep.

There wasn’t any food to be had in the house. It was apparent at a casual inspection that Ramona hadn’t been here in months, and it looked almost as if she hadn’t planned on ever returning.

All of that meant that breakfast was dried trail rations.

Vince chewed methodically at a piece of dried… something… while sitting at the barren table.

Should have packed up that Valkyrie meat when I had the chance. Would I have grown wings I wonder?

The door swung inward on silent hinges, revealing Blue as she walked through the doorway. She was dressed in nothing more than an oversized tunic that looked like it had been stolen from him. Her hair was undone and wild, hanging free.

Being a man, Vince couldn’t help but admire her slim Elven figure and grace.

Elven Dryads really are different.

Shutting the door, she gave him a small smile and bowed her head fractionally to him. “Grove husband.”

“Blue, good morning to you,” Vince said. “Nothing to eat. My pack is in the corner if you want to dig something out of it.”

Wandering over to the indicated pack, she bent over at the waist, rifling through his belongings.

Getting an eyeful, Vince didn’t bother to look away. Dryads were obvious, there was no reason for him not to enjoy what was being offered.

Blue even went so far as to look backward to ensure he was watching. Then she aimed her bare posterior directly at him and arched her back.

And with that dual-colored stare, Vince felt his loins ignite.

Flicking his breakfast to one side, he reached out and snatched Blue by the waist. It was all done in a heartbeat and faster than she could probably see or react to.

Dragging her towards himself, he pushed her over the barren table, pressing her shoulders and chest to the wooden surface. Blue’s breath caught audibly at his actions. Reaching up, she gripped the opposite edge of the table.

She really was as direct and obvious as Karya.

Unbuckling his belt with the left hand, he pressed his right to the back of Blue’s neck. She enjoyed the feeling of being controlled and dominated.

The metal bracket clicked softly as Vince’s belt came undone. Then his pants slid down from his hips and pooled around his ankles.

Blue’s breath had started speeding up the moment he’d grabbed her. When he laid his hand on her neck, she’d shuddered violently, her breath catching again.

Using his left hand, he pushed his rock hard tip into the lips of her entry. Smiling, Vince rubbed the tip up and down between her lips, making sure to press up against her moistened clit.

“Mmm, grove husband, don’t tease me,” Blue pleaded. “You used Green so much last night. Use me now. Fill me.”

Grinning now, Vince nodded his head and moved forward. His length entered her with a soft wet swish. Even when he reached the hilt, Vince pushed forward, grinding himself into her entry and forcing himself deeply into her.

“Yes, yes. Thank you, more please. I have eggs left. I have eggs. Please, take them,” Blue whimpered against the table.

Tightening his grip on her neck, he laid his left hand to her hip.

Slowly, carefully, Vince began to methodically work himself through her slick interior.

He’d gotten his domination needs out last night on the tiny Dryad. Used Green in any and every way.

Right now he needed something a bit more intimate.

Blue moaned, her rear end pushing up into his lap as he went forward.

“That’s great, yes. Love me, love me,” Blue said softly.

Vince grinned as he moved back into her. Blue was always a talker.

“Hush, love. Hush,” Vince said, moving his hand up to gently stroke her hair to one side to see her face more clearly.

Blue’s blue eye slid to the side. It was completely colored in. She watched him from the table as he took her on it.

She gave a small nod, a smile spreading over her lips.

Holding onto her smooth skin he began to build up speed as his length plumbed her depths.

The slap of his flesh on hers was starting to build as he went. Her insides were hot and determined to squeeze him to death, urging him onward.

Blue’s moans started to ascend in speed and sound. Her mouth opened and her volume went up significantly.

Unwilling to go any longer, wanting to finish, Vince let himself go.

Pummeling her bottom, he ran her through with his member. Like a piston firing away. Blue began crying out with each thrust.

Then Vince hit his climax. Grinding into her, curling around her lower back and posterior, he came. His girth expanded and heaved, shooting off into her with ball heaving spasms.

“Ooooh, yes. Yes… fill me,” Blue whimpered, writhing her hips against him. “Fill me.”

Her dirty talk and pleading definitely worked on him; his body shuddered in response. He couldn’t help but give her another spurt of thick seed at her words.

Sighing with that last pulse, Vince exited her and sat down heavily on the chair.

Blue definitely knew how to play his buttons and needs.

Before he could react, Blue knelt down in front of him and slurped up his sticky length into her mouth.

Moaning around his hilt, her mismatched eyes stared up at him as her tongue worked leisurely along his shaft.

Shivering, Vince watched her as she worked to clean him.

Smiling, Blue ran the width of her tongue along his tip as she bobbed her head.

“Damn, that feels good,” Vince said, laying his hands on Blue’s shoulders.

“Mmm,” Blue mumbled around him.

Sucking firmly, she pulled her head back, her tongue working diligently. Releasing him gently as she reached the tip, she dropped her eyes to inspect him. Gently, she rolled his length in her hand to one side, then the other. His member twitched in her hand, a bead of thick fluid popped up at the tip.

Smiling up at him, she drew her tongue over it. Looking down she gave it another check. “All clean, grove husband.”

Damn.

At that moment, the rear door was kicked in. The wood splintered and the frame itself actually shattered.

In stormed a group of armed and armored Lizardmen. They were all bearing city guard colors and insignia. No sooner had they cleared the doorway, than they all had weapons drawn.

Vince was taken completely by surprise. Not to mention, he wasn’t ready for a fight with his dick hanging out and his weapon across the room.

“There he is, we’re in luck. Take him. Don’t bother with her, leave everyone else. Be quick. His bodyguards will wake,” hissed one of the helmeted guards. “If you fight, we’ll kill everyone in the house. Come quietly, we’ll leave them all here, untouched.”

Damn…

Blue scrambled across the floor and out of the room in seconds. Undoubtedly she’d be getting everyone up and ready to fight for him.

Even if they managed to kill or chase away the guards, there was no guarantee there weren’t more outside. Beyond that, it would become a rolling fatal game of hide and seek across the city. Getting out of the walled city of Vegas, a city full of Wasters with heightened senses and abilities, would be a near impossible task.

They could fight, probably win even, but would there even be the possibility of truly escaping?

Vince sighed and didn’t fight. Righting himself, he got up and walked out the kitchen door and into the street.

Sure enough, there looked to be at least twenty more guards out here in the street.

All around the house were looky-loos trying to see what was going on. Collectively, they realized Vince was a human.

A human in Vegas that wasn’t a mage, or a slave.

The guards closed in around him almost at the same time that the citizens reacted. They began throwing anything that they could reach.

In seconds, Vince was surrounded and protected, being led down the street to only the fates knew where.

So much for talking with their leadership in a peaceful setting.

I wonder if I have to create a path of bodies to earn my escape from Vegas.





Chapter 21



Vince was taken into a building that was definitely larger than most around. And promptly taken into the basement, which was more of a dungeon.

The walls looked solid and unyielding. The cells were made of extremely thick steel bars. There were no windows and only one way in or out which was controlled by a thick heavy door.

There would be no escape from this dungeon without some luck and some really unexpected actions.

The guard behind him shoved Vince forward. Stumbling a step, he managed to catch himself rather than fall flat on the stone floor. Taking a look into each cell as he went, Vince found the vast majority of them were empty.

Those that had an occupant might as well have been empty. There was no movement from them, and Vince had to wonder if they were even alive.

Reaching the last group of cells at the end of the corridor, Vince saw Ramona strung up in the center of a wide open area.

Her clothes were tattered and bloodstained. Her face was purple, swollen, and rough. Someone had really worked her over to get information out of her.

Vince suddenly no longer wanted to deal with these people. In fact, he simply wanted to kill them all.

“You know what,” Vince said. “Tell your council the following. I came here to discuss with them matters of state. Before I left, I instructed my army to tear this place to the ground if I did not return within a month’s time. To salt the earth and tear every stone down in Vegas.”

Spinning around, Vince’s fingers locked around the guard’s wrist. With a vice-like grip he locked the weapon in place and peeled it from the guard’s fingers with his other hand.

Glaring at the Lizardman he continued. “Go tell your council that Vince, the lord of Yosemite, will not be treated like a prisoner. If they don’t want Vegas to be turned into a molten ocean of death, they can deal with me now, within the hour. They’ll also provide aide to my companion and explain why they submitted her to torture.”

The Lizardman held up his hands, stunned stupid by Vince’s words and actions. Slowly, the guard began backing his way out of the dungeon.

Clanging shut, the door was bolted into place after the Lizardman guard fled.

Grumbling, Vince turned back to Ramona and came to stand in front of her.

“Hey… you in there?” Vince asked softly.

“Hurt,” Ramona said through her battered mouth.

“I imagine.” Vince set the weapon down and then reached up to the chains holding her upright. Wrapping his fingers into the links he braced himself, and then pulled hard. Mortar, stones, and metal bolts came loose all at once. Pulling Ramona in close, he shielded her from the debris as it rained down. When it stopped, he took her to one of the cells and laid her down on the bed. Her wings were folded in close to her shoulders, but they didn’t look right.

He didn’t dare look, but he imagined they probably worked on those, too.

Vince didn’t blame her for giving up information. Torture was torture, and it worked. It wasn’t a question of if you would break, but only when.

Laying a hand on her shoulder, Vince tried to channel the power inside of himself as Leila had been teaching him. Keeping his voice low, he whispered the words to cantrips she’d helped him develop to work with his natural energy.

Green magic flowed down his arm and into Ramona. It wouldn’t be as direct and precise as a Dryad’s healing, but it would probably be considerably more powerful.

Only a few minutes later, even as he continued to channel power into the Dragonnewt, he heard the door rattling.

Leaving her there, Vince moved back out of the cell he’d laid her down in. Picking up the sword he’d stolen he walked forward several paces and held the weapon out before him. The corridor was narrow, he’d be able to hold the area quite well.

The door opened and a High Elf scurried inside.

Lifting the blade, Vince pointed it towards the well dressed young man.

Realizing what he was walking into, the Elf stopped in place and lifted his hands up.

“First and foremost, I’m here to apologize for the council. They weren’t all aware of the situation, and that—”

“Shut up,” Vince said, interrupting the man. “Will they see me?”

“I, that is—”

“They can see me now, or not at all. If not at all, I’m going to start killing my way out of Vegas. Then you can explain to my army as they piss on the ashes of Vegas why I died here,” Vince said, moving forward.

“They can see you now!” squealed the Elf as Vince rested the tip of the blade on the Elf’s throat.

“Good. I need you to send two people down here to help with my companion. Your people foolishly decided to torture her. I’m still considering who will be paying for this affront.”

The Elf bobbed his head, then turned and ran away back towards the entry door.

Snorting, Vince returned to Ramona, and began filling her with energy again.

Moments later, the Elf returned, along with two others. Vince stepped off to one side, and let them collect Ramona. Keeping his distance, Vince kept the sword ready and up in front of himself.

Saying nothing, Vince gave the original Elf a toothy grin, waiting for him to lead him to this “council.”

All three Elves led the way, exiting the dungeon. Keeping himself on high alert, Vince stalked out and kept a wary eye out for ambushes.

He’d not trust the council one whit considering what they’d already done.

Doors, hallways, and rooms went by. Vince gave them little to no attention and focused entirely on his immediate surroundings.

Surprisingly, or perhaps it was only surprising because his paranoia was so high, there were no tricks or traps laid out for him.

Up ahead, the trio of Elves hurried into an antechamber, then beyond into a large room.

Vince swept the area from one side to the other, feeling ill at ease. This would be a position to have guards.

Either they’d cleared them in advance of Vince’s arrival, or they were all waiting for him up ahead.

Gritting his teeth, Vince worked a cantrip to speed his reflexes up, and followed. There wasn’t much else he could do here. There were no choices available to him.

Stepping out of the antechamber, Vince was in an empty audience hall. There was quite a few empty chairs and desks spread throughout, but there were only seven people here. The three elves who brought him, Ramona, and three people he didn’t know and hadn’t yet met.

Two men from the look of it, and an armed and armored Lizardman.

Keeping the sword out in front of himself he was unsure. They had seemingly done exactly as he’d demanded. Which didn’t seem right. Rather than hesitate and show weakness, Vince kept moving. He closed in on the people at the center of the room.

“Lord Vince,” said a pale faced older gentleman in an extravagant black robe. He had a full white beard, more wrinkles than Vince had hair, and looked frail to the point of breaking. “Please, forgive us your treatment so far.”

“Yessss,” said the Lizardman. “We did not realize.”

The third person, a man, said nothing. Their eyes were a brilliant gold with lizard-like pupils.

The Elves laid Ramona down gently on the ground and left at a walk that bordered on a jog.

“I’m Gerard,” said the old man. “One of the council. The Lizardman beside me is Srinis, and the man to my left is our resident Dragon councilman, by the name of Heint.”

“Vince,” said Vince. Moving towards Ramona, he got down on one knee. Laying a hand to her neck, he found her pulse. It was strong and steady now.

Seems my field treatment helped. She needs more direct care though.

“Lord Vince, we really must apologize—”

“Why did you torture her? Why imprison me? Why attack?” Vince growled out between his teeth. Standing up he faced the three people again, the sword still lifted and pointed toward them. “I’ll have answers to those questions first.”

Focusing his mental abilities, he readied himself to tear their minds inside out to find his answers. First he’d hear them out, and listen for the truth in their words.

Srinis held his hands out in front of himself. “We did not know you were here, in fact—”

“Lie,” Vince said, feeling the lie in the Lizardman’s mind. “Do not lie to me. I will know.”

All three froze at that.

Srinis slowly lowered his hands, seemingly unable to continue.

Gerard cleared his throat. “I did not know you were here, Lord Vince. As soon as the attendant notified me I had the guards cleared from your path and convened this council.”

Truth. There’s also an undercurrent here.

“So Srinis tortured Ramona, arrested me, and threw me into a dungeon all on his own?” Vince asked, staring at both Gerard and Heint.

The Dragon shifted subtly. The move was so minuscule it almost escaped Vince’s notice. There was embarrassment there in Heint’s mind. And anger.

Anger at Srinis.

“Answer,” Vince prompted.

Gerard opened his mouth, then closed it. Vince could feel Gerard struggling to get his thoughts moving regarding this situation, and how he could benefit from it.

Peeking through memories as gently as he could, Vince found that there was tension between these three. They were not united, and sought power over one another. Srinis and Heint favored each other over Gerard as they were both reptilian.

“Yes,” the old man finally said.

Vince turned to Srinis, and waited.

“I… that is. Ramona is a citizen. We were administering the law to her,” said the Lizardman councillor.

“And how did you know she was here?” Vince asked. “The gate guards?”

“Ah, yes,” confirmed Srinis.

“They told you what she said.”

“Yes.”

“They told you she stated that she was my wife,” Vince said slowly.

It wasn’t true, but this was an opportunity to turn the council, and earn himself some points with Gerard. Having an ally here would be beneficial.

This was a chance to directly impact the council without bodyguards or others getting in the way.

Srinis blinked, his head turning fractionally to Heint.

Looking for help? You’ll find none there.

“I demand justice of you for your insolence. Fight me to the death, or forfeit your seat on the council. If any of your relatives, friends, or countrymen attempt to take your seat, I’ll demand justice of them as well.

“I come bearing gold, Dwarven arms and Dwarven armor, and a safe trade route. To act as a barrier between you and the human empire. Perhaps even to be a neutral ground for trade. And your reception is torture of my wife, imprisonment of myself, and putting me in a dungeon? No, I’ll not deal with you and yours.”

Heint’s mind was roiling now as he processed what Vince was saying

Srinis had forced this and the Dragon knew for a fact the Tri-lliance would welcome everything that Yosemite had to offer. Welcome it with open arms and guarantees.

Turning Vince away would be tantamount to getting a special visit from the head of the primary council.

Gerard, on the other hand, was immensely pleased. Vince could feel the simple unadulterated joy the old man was feeling. Gerard would be able to act the peacekeeper, broker a deal, and suffer no harm in any way.

“I’ll not step down and—” Srinis began.

“Draw your sword and defend yourself, then,” Vince said, moving forward. The sword he’d taken was held out point first in front of him.

He’d not allow Srinis to back out of this if he could help it. This was too politically in his favor to not do this. It’d provide a gateway to get a favorable deal for his people.

Though, to be fair, maybe Vince was just mad as well.

Srinis pulled his blade free and brought it up in a defensive posture.

Vince had to make sure it looked like a fight rather than him murdering a Lizardman in one swing.

Giving his shoulder a roll and his wrist a flick, he brought his sword around in a swift slash. The angle of the attack would allow for a simple block and easy return of attack for Srinis.

As if Vince predicted it, Srinis blocked the attack. Then the Lizardman twisted his sword around in a riposte that looked as if it had been drilled into him.

Both Gerard and Heint were shocked at the suddenness of it all. Vince knew Heint would try to interfere to protect his own power and Gerard would vacillate to make sure he covered himself if Vince lost.

Time wasn’t on his side.

Of course, that wasn’t a problem since he was sure this fight was already over.

Boosting his strength, speed, and agility by magically pressing on the grove with a cantrip, Vince lunged forward.

Grabbing the Lizardman’s jaw with his left hand, Vince pushed upwards. There was an audible crack as Srinis’ jaw broke. Then Vince’s sword point drove up into the soft reptilian scales of Srinis’ throat. The tip burst through the top of the Lizardman’s skull.

Ripping his blade free, Vince kicked the corpse backwards, the ribs cracking noisily.

Smacking the stone with a slap, Srinis lay twitching on the ground, his arms curling up in front of him as his legs straightened.

Blood spurted all over Srinis’ dying body, pooling up around him.

“I’ll demand justice of any of his kin, friends, or countrymen as well. For his death, I’ll pay one hundred gold standards in reparations for the damage his stinking body will cause to this hall. Now, would you care to discuss a trade deal, or summon a new councillor?” Vince asked, relaxing finally. Letting the sword hang at his side, he stared at the two remaining councillors.

Gerard was the first to recover. “Ah, yes. Let’s discuss trade. From what little I could gather from our late councillor, it seems you’d like to purchase or barter food stores.”

Vince would have to watch this man. He’d be the one to worm his way through anything and come out on the other side fine.

“Accurate. We’d also be interested in purchasing seed and livestock. We’d prefer to be self-sufficient but our city is growing faster than we anticipated, hence our need for new trading partners,” Vince said, nodding to the older man.

Heint was gazing at the dead Lizardman. The only feelings Vince got back from him was annoyance and trepidation.

“We’d also be willing to split the costs on building a road from Yosemite to Vegas. I’m also willing to sign a binding, magically-reinforced agreement. Providing that I have time for my people to read over it and make any changes they think would be needed,” Vince said.

Gerard slowly nodded his head. Vince already knew that the councillor was excited. Everything he’d just offered was more or less what he’d read from Gerard’s mind with a few tweaks for Yosemite’s benefit.

“This is good news. I know that my superiors will welcome this. I’ll see about preparing documents and getting everything in order.”

Vince felt someone enter the room. Deep in the far side, amongst the darkest shadows.

He wasn’t even sure how someone had entered since there didn’t appear to be any windows or doors over there.

“I’m sure we can easily work out some type of agreement that will benefit both sides,” continued Gerard.

Turning his attention towards that area, Vince felt that it was four people. Each had murder on their minds and were doing their best to remain hidden.

“I really must apologize for the late Srinis. He was a good guard, but a poor councillor. I’m sure I’ll be able to find a replacement much more suitable to the job,” Gerard said easily.

Vince realized who the four people were and turned his head in their direction.

“A moment, councillor. My bodyguards have arrived,” Vince said softly. Holding up his hand towards them he called out. “Red! Everything is fine. Please get everyone over here and tend to Ramona.”

Gerard and Heint froze, their heads whipping to where Vince had been addressing the darkness.

Red eyes flashed once, then the Cursed One simply appeared in a blur. She was low to the ground prowling around the councillors to get closer to Vince.

“Red dislikes this place, Bringer. We should kill them all and leave. Red will kill the living one, Bringer should kill the dying one,” Red grumbled, her clawed hands scraping gouges in the stone floor as she went.

“Red, we’re talking nicely now. I need you to be nice, too. Be especially good, and I’ll feed you twice tonight. Promise,” Vince said soothingly to the deranged red-eyed monster he had as a companion.

“Twice? Red will be nice,” Red said. She sniffed the air once and then slunk off in a different direction.

“You bound a Cursed One?” Heint said, finally breaking his silence.

Gerard was still watching Red as she moved away.

“I did. I fed her some Wendigo hearts and she kinda became a pet after that. Then I bound her,” Vince said, his eyes searching the darkness Red had come from.

Blue, Green, and Leila came over at a walk. Both Dryads stopped next to Ramona and set to work on her. Leila floated over to him and slid up behind him. Her big purple eyes were penetrating as she glared at him.

“I’m fine,” Vince said with a grin. “We’re just finishing up here. Hopefully we can be on the road soon.”

“Good,” Leila grumbled. “We’re going to talk about what you did, and how none of us appreciated it. You will sit, listen, and accept it. And if you don’t like it… You can t-take it up with Fes!”

Vince chuckled and bowed his head to the small woman. “That’s fine. I’ll stare into those big pretty eyes of yours until you get uncomfortable.”

For whatever reason, teasing Leila had become rather fun for him.

“They’re not big!” Leila said, her hands coming up to her face.

“They’re huge. And pretty. If you can help Blue and Green with Ramona, I’d appreciate it.”

Leila nodded her head and floated off.

“You keep… interesting company. Dryads, Cursed One, Warlock, Dragonnewt,” Gerard said, his eyes back to Vince, appraising him anew.

“Well, this is my traveling group for this mission. I also have a number of wives back at home.

“Now, what more do you need from me? I’d like to have this all taken care of so I can start reading through whatever agreements we can put together. I admit I’m eager to return home.”





Chapter 22



Staring down at the paper on the desk, Vince couldn’t help but blink. He’d already read it thrice and felt like he finally understood it.

“Why can’t people just write what they mean exactly,” Vince muttered. “It’s just a trade agreement.”

“Well. It’s a trade agreement with a necromancer who will probably outlive your great-great-grandchildren depending on the number of souls he enslaves. To him, this agreement could last a very long time,” Leila responded, rolling up her copy of the agreement. “Besides, it’s fine. There really isn’t anything out of the ordinary here. I mean, sure, there’s some ways for him to skim off the top it looks like, but that’s all from the Tri-lliance side, rather than your side.”

Leila sighed and shook her head, reaching up with one hand to adjust her hair. “I’m no merchant though. I’m sure I’m missing something, but this seems pretty straightforward. Elysia would be able to figure this out.”

Vince snorted at that but could only nod. “That she would. Far smarter than I am, that one.”

“I’m going to bed. Keep an eye on Ramona while Blue and Green recharge. For it only being a day, she seems incredibly healthier. Your magic is potent, if inaccurate,” Leila said, getting out of the chair. “Goodnight.”

“Goodnight,” Vince said, leaning back in his chair, watching the Gnome open and shut the door.

Clicking his tongue against his teeth, Vince scratched at his cheek.

He was tired, worn, and annoyed.

His power play had worked so far, but it was obvious to him that the Lizardmen were well aware of who killed their patron. To the point that Vince had gone so far as to request only non-Lizardmen for whatever work needed to be done around him.

Gerard only happily complied, using this excuse to replace the entire council guard in one fell swoop with his own people.

Looking over his shoulder, Ramona was laid out on his bed, fast asleep. Recovering quickly and resting as much as possible. She hadn’t said much yet, but he was under the impression they’d been at her for hours.

At least… it has all the appearances of physical torture only. They didn’t rape her or permanently disfigure her.

A single knock came from the door. Vince’s eyes snapped to the wooden-framed entryway.

“Enter,” Vince called as loud as he dared, hoping to not disturb Ramona.

The handle turned and the door swung open. Walking inside was Heint, the first and only dragon Vince had met so far.

He didn’t think for a second he could fight him and win. Dragons, by all myth and rumor, were bastards. They’d happily fly up into the sky and strafe you over and over, till you retreated or died.

There was no reason for them to fight you on the ground.

Vince would do the same of course if he were in a similar position.

Honor is for the dead.

“Councillor Heint,” Vince said, getting to his feet. He wasn’t an idiot, and he knew he wasn’t out of the woods yet. Gerard would help him of course, but Heint could cause trouble without risking anything for himself. “What can I do for you this evening?”

Heint glanced at Ramona and then fixed his gaze on Vince. “I would speak with you, human. I’ve blocked the half-breed from listening in on us, should she awaken.”

Almost immediately, Vince pulled on his mental abilities and started to sweep through the Dragon’s mind as passively as he could. It limited a lot of what he could read, but there was no chance of someone suspecting him of doing anything.

“I’m more than willing to listen, Councillor Heint. I admit I’m curious about the content of the discussion given your preparation,” Vince said carefully. There wasn’t much he could get from Heint’s thoughts.

Trepidation, determination, caution.

Nothing that gave anything away or any surface thoughts.

The Dragon sniffed once and then curiously, he smiled.

“I admire your bravado earlier, and how quickly you realized what the reality of the situation was. I found myself pushed into a corner that I couldn’t get out of without putting myself in the way of progress. And progress, aside from profit, is key to the Tri-lliance,” Heint said, his voice quiet and clean.

This had all the hallmarks of a prepared speech.

“I wonder how much of what you said was true. Your army, leaving orders. How confident you are that your military could mount such an offense,” Heint continued. Walking over, the Dragon leaned up against the wall nonchalantly, closing the distance between himself and Vince.

Vince felt a strange pressure inside his head. Almost like something sliding over and around his mind.

Using his thoughts, Vince tried to recreate what he believed Seville had done. Hardening his mind and creating a barrier.

Heint froze as Vince did so. Both of them realized at the same time that Heint was the one trying to peek into Vince’s thoughts.

Well, Heint. I know your secret, and now you know that I’m not a normal human.

“What I said about my army is true. Though it’s likely I understated their power,” Vince said, politely ignoring the fact that Heint was forcibly ejected from Vince’s mind. “Why do you ask, Councillor Heint?”

“I… I,” Heint stuttered. Then he gave his head a shake and frowned. “Would you consider the idea of supporting me in a bid to take over Vegas?”

Feeling as if his heart and mind had frozen, Vince forced himself to take a breath. “I see. I would ask… what did you have in mind in regards to ‘support’. What would I gain or how would I benefit? You’ll forgive me for not beating around the bush.”

“Gerard would never go along with this, and I can handle him easily enough. Though I believe his people and those Srinis left behind wouldn’t support me in this endeavor. That is where I would be in need of your help. Support to clear the town, military backing, and financial cover should we be unable to bounce back quickly enough.

“As for what you’d gain. I’d bend my knee to you as my liege. Duke or Count of Vegas to your Lord of Yosemite,” Heint explained. “On top of that, what we’re willing to trade for resources is perhaps only half of what we could be rid of. Should Vegas be a part of Yosemite, then it’d simply be a shuffling of resources, would it not?”

That hit Vince in the right spot for sure. Double what he was trading for would buy them a long while. Almost enough time to make the turn.

Almost.

Even if everything turned out right, it would still be a failure.

I’m ever playing catch up.

“You would… trade calling the Tri-lliance your lord with calling me your lord? I don’t understand, and I think I’d need that clarified.”

Heint’s face turned into a scowl for a brief second.

“I am… a councillor, here. On the far end of nowhere, with no hopes for advancement. I’m far older than many of those young runts who currently hold positions at the heart of the Tri-lliance. My problem? Wrong clan. I’ll never have a chance. So I must make my own. I bend my knee to a master who has ten above them.

“With you, I would be first amongst the peerage, and the first Duke. I believe… I believe you will change this land. For better or worse, you’ll change it. I would rather align myself now than later.”

Selfish, self-serving, beholden to no one. I completely understand.

Vince couldn’t help it. He could easily see how he himself would probably react in such a situation, and found that it would probably be fairly similar.

“I see. You’d subject yourself to the rules and laws of Yosemite? Be my subordinate and hold to my word? Fight and die with me should the Tri-lliance come knocking?” Vince asked, clarifying, making sure.

“Yes. I would. I give you my personal Dragon’s Word on all that we’ve discussed here. Though we’d first have to deal with Gerard, the guards, the military, and only after all that went well… the Tri-lliance. Right now they’re tied up with… problems. A war really. Down in the south. There is the strong possibility that they’ll come calling on us at some point. Though I think I can get us to at least a neutral position with them until that time. My clan is minor, but I do have a few personal markers I can call on,” Heint offered up.

Vince thought hard on this.

Deep and hard.

This would help him immensely. A city like Vegas would see trade from all over. Opening it to humans, spreading the goals of Yosemite, converting it into a united city. That’d all be tough, but it’d be worthwhile.

But this wasn’t an idle thought. A minor decision. This would quite literally be a declaration of war with the Tri-lliance. Losing Vegas wouldn’t be a minor trifle for them, but only something that they couldn’t act on yet.

Do I commit myself, my people, and my friends to a war with the Tri-lliance, as the human kingdom watches from the west, and Verix from the east?

I should speak with Mila when we return, see if she’d like to become the Duchess of Wooden Heart sooner than either of us anticipated.

With that thought of Mila, Vince realized he was willing to dive into this venture.

He felt sick in his heart, he knew he’d regret it, but this was one of the only ways he’d be able to get the resources his people needed.

And it probably wouldn’t even be enough.

“Alright. Providing we can come to a timeline that we can both agree to, consider it a bargain struck,” Vince said, holding out his hand to Heint.

Heint nodded his head, and took Vince’s hand, shaking it firmly. To his credit, Vince kept a straight face even as a burning heat suffused his entire arm from the contact with the dragon. It lasted only a second, but it had felt like his arm had been bathed in lava.

“We have an accord and on my Dragon’s Word. I look forward to serving, Lord Vince.”

Releasing his hand, Heint took a step back. “Agree to Gerard’s deal, it’ll do for now. I’ll ensure that none of the gains leave Vegas.

“I will prepare for a timeframe of… six months for your return. I should have everything in line by then, and the new councillor will be arriving right around then. It’d work out strategically for us.”

Vince nodded his head.

“Six months,” he confirmed.

Yosemite would grow.

It would also fight a war that no one knew about yet. That no one could predict when it would come.

Heint turned on his heel, and left without another word.

No sooner had the latch clicked shut than Ramona lifted her head from the pillow.

Grinning at her, Vince quirked a brow.

In return, she held up two fingers, staring at the door.

A full minute passed before she dropped her hand.

“Heint came to offer you a deal?” she asked.

“He did. Why?” Vince asked. Moving over to her bed, he squatted down next to her.

“After killing Srinis, what was his reaction?” Ramona inquired, laying her head down on the pillow.

“He seemed genuinely upset.”

“Makes sense then. He was trying to work Srinis over to his side of the council. You killing him ended that. Now, with only two councillors left, and the other being the political minder, Heint might be able to make a move,” Ramona shifted on her bed, angling her head so she could look up at him without catching her horns in her bedding.

“Huh? I never really got a straight answer from anyone. How does the council work here?”

“Srinis was local security. Gerard the political minder, to make sure everyone follows the Tri-lliance. Heint is the face and purse. It’s separated out to give no one person complete power.”

“Ah. Got it. Heint wants me to invade Vegas and take care of everyone, hand it over to him, and he’d be my Duke of Vegas,” Vince explained to Ramona.

“No, he’ll betray you as easily as you would crush an ant,” Ramona said, her mouth turning down in a frown.

“Truly? I thought the word of a Dragon carried more than that. Pity. He even agreed to the deal on his Dragon’s Word,” Vince murmured.

I really do need Elysia with me. I think she’ll be a permanent fixture from here on out. I’m no good at this.

“Wait. He gave you his Dragon’s Word? Did you shake hands?” Ramona asked, her tone changing.

“Yes, we did. I admit my entire arm felt as if it were aflame as well. I take it that his word, when given in that fashion, is worth considerably more?”

Ramona laughed softly and then laid an arm across her face.

“Everything with you is so strange. Yes, him giving his word in that fashion means he’ll not betray you. It would seem in a hostile city, you’ve found your bedrock.”

Vince nodded his head. Sitting down he pressed his shoulder up against the bed and looked around the room.

“How strong is a dragon exactly? I’ve heard of them. Read about them. Never seen one up close till this ordeal. Could I have fought Heint?”

Ramona didn’t respond immediately.

The bindings on her wings creaked as she stretched on her bed.

They were bound and bandaged behind her, her entire body in a state of healing and recovery. There wasn’t anything done to her that couldn’t be healed in time. Other than the mental trauma of being tortured.

“I’m a Dragonnewt. Have you ever fought my kind before?”

“No.”

“We are… Dragonnewt’s that is… an offshoot of Dragons. Most people view us as what happens when you mix Humans with Dragons. We’re extremely powerful,” Ramona said without any tone of bragging.

“In his human form I could beat him. In his dragon form, it’d be close to a fifty-fifty chance for either of us. We Dragonnewts aren’t given our name for no reason, after all,” Ramona lifted the arm across her face and flexed her scaled arm, then her clawed fingers.

“We’re not tender creatures. We fight or die. Or both. It’s this very reason that I’d earned a few favors within the guard. Why I thought I could get us an audience without creating a problem. It took thirty guards to subdue me without killing me, and I killed at least half of them,” Ramona said, laying her arm back down. “You overpowered me by yourself, and with only your hands. You were choking me to death and there wasn’t a thing I could do.”

Vince grimaced at the memory. He tried hard to put it out of his head entirely.

“You could probably defeat a dragon in combat if they ever got close enough. If they knew how powerful you were, they’d just fly around you and breathe fire at you till you died.”

Sighing, Ramona turned over carefully, making sure her wings and horns didn’t catch anything or get crushed. “If Heint told you to take Gerard’s deal, take it. After that you should leave.”

“Right,” Vince said. Nodding his head once in agreement he got up and stretched one way, then the other. “Get some rest. I’ll talk to Leila about having you float the way she does. Getting you home like this is going to be difficult enough without carrying you.”

Ramona turned her head to one side, peering at him from the corner of her eye. “You’d take me with you? I didn’t complete my end of the bargain.”

“You’re right. You didn’t. You did try though, and you did exactly what you said you would. That doesn’t change my own end of the agreement now, does it? Rest.”



The next morning Vince delivered the agreement back to Gerard, signed.

He wasn’t sure of exactly what this would change for Yosemite, but it wasn’t enough. This entire venture was a failure.

He’d failed to deliver what his people needed most.

Again.

There was nothing more to be done here. He needed to get back home, re-evaluate, and decide what to do next.

He already knew the answer to that as well though. He needed to seek assistance from The West. The empire of humanity.

Every kingdom, country, nation, or collection of people on the western seaboard all swore obedience to the Emperor. Each and every one of them all sent a portion of their population and supplies to the capital of the West. Those people would grow up to become the Emperor’s Guards. All trained in combat that pre-dated the Wastes, and given armaments to match.

None challenged the emperor or his guards directly.

In his view, the war in the north of his empire was more an annoyance. If he truly wanted to end it, he could. Though everything north of the kingdom of Portland would be a wasteland afterward.

The reason they all swore loyalty to him, and why he could end it all if he wanted, was that the Emperor had hundreds of thousands of pre-Waste weapons. If he mobilized, nothing would be left standing after they swept through.

His personal residence was that of Benicia, which was southwest of Sacramento.

And that was where Vince had been invited by the emperor’s envoy. To discuss a trade agreement and whatever else might come up.

He’d have to speak with the envoy once they got back to Yosemite, but he was sure there was already a prepared document for his acceptance. The Emperor seemed like a man who would put a checklist to everything, and then plan for every outcome accordingly.

Thus, Vince knew what he had to do, and where he had to go.

To the very heart of an Empire built on the backs of Waster slaves.





Chapter 23



The trip back to Yosemite was the definition of boring and uneventful. Not a single thing happened.

To Vince it was a pleasant surprise.

Leila had made a bed of air for Ramona to rest on for their trip. This was only after Vince had failed for an hour to conjure up the elemental spell as they walked along.

The Gnome despaired of ever being able to teach him anything other than self-buffing spells, or mass energy infusion. Because everything else so far he’d failed at spectacularly without a hint of success.

Self-alteration and energy transfer seemed to be the only two things he was good at so far.

As a group they arrived late in the night. Everyone was taken inside and promptly sent to their rooms. Vince had lingered behind though.

He made sure that Ramona was taken to a room that would be hers in his manor to live in.

Then he made sure a group of Dryads converged in there to help put her back together since she’d suffered her wounds in his service.

He told them to take care of her wing as well. He wanted it mended as soon as possible, and he’d personally repay the favor to the Dryads who accomplished it.

After that, he made it to his room. Where he immediately passed out in his empty bed without another thought.

When the morning came, it did so with anger.

It was loud and angry and demanded his attention.

Cracking open an eye, he felt lethargic in his sheets.

And warm.

Extremely warm.

Like there was an oven next to him.

Rotating that bleary eye downward, he found his answer.

Fes was sprawled out over him, her deep rumbling snores filling the room.

Smiling to himself, he looked at the Orc warrior who’d stolen his heart.

Drool trailed down her chin, her tusks peeking out from between her lips.

She was ever the fount of feminine wiles.

His smile growing wider, he leaned over and brushed away the trail of saliva with his thumb. Moving in closer, he kissed her tenderly, his fingers caressing up and down her cheek and jaw.

Her black eyes slid open, focusing on him.

“Morning, love,” Vince said, kissing her again.

Fes blushed, her arms wrapping around Vince’s lower back.

“Morning, husband,” Fes said slowly. “Meliae said we could start trying again. That my womb is ready for another.”

Vince frowned and laid his forehead against hers, staring into her dark eyes. It wasn’t exactly the conversation he’d been expecting to greet the day with.

It felt odd, really.

“Ok. Do you want another child so soon though? We haven’t even had a chance to be a family yet. Do you really want to be pregnant again that quickly?”

Fes relaxed under him, her fingers brushing against his lower back as she figured out her response.

“We haven’t had a son yet. We need to try again,” Fes said finally.

At that, Vince laughed and kissed her firmly. “So? Son, daughter, doesn’t matter. You know first hand I’ve never put any care into gender. Why are you?”

Blinking, the Orc woman looked away for a second, then back to him. “You’re happy we had a daughter?”

“Of course I am, she’s our daughter. I get to see what a little Berenga might have been like. I’m curious if she’ll be as ferocious as you are,” Vince said with a laugh.

Fes grinned and gave her head a small shake. “I love you, Vince.”

“I love you too, silly Orc.”

Vince could see the wheels in her head turning as she turned her thoughts to other concerns. Fes was always no nonsense.

“What are your plans for the day? Elysia and Leila spoke last night. They already went through your packs and found the trade agreement. It isn’t enough. We’ll be three months short in the dead of winter,” Fes said, staring up at him.

“Yeah. I thought it might be something like that. I wasn’t sure… but I knew it wasn’t enough. That really only leaves me with one option. Going to see the emperor of the West,” Vince said with a lopsided grin. “But that’s for later.”

Kissing his Orc wife again, he drew his knees up against her thighs.

“Right now, I want to play in bed with my beautiful Fes, but I might ask a Dryad to make sure you don’t get pregnant just yet,” said Vince.

The time he spent alone with Fes was short, but meaningful. It’d been a while since they’d had a chance to be intimate.

It was invigorating. Fes was always a struggle to see who got on top.

After that he spent some time just holding his children one by one.

By the time he’d arranged a meeting with the envoy for the Emperor, he even felt like he could get through the day without complaining.

For whatever reason, the nursery was a soothing place to him.

Elysia and Leila had joined him for the meeting. Thera and Eva were lurking in the corners. Otherwise, there was no one else present in the room.

Not even Red.

Before Vince could even begin to wonder if the envoy would be late, the door was knocked on twice, then opened. The ambassador who Vince had seen previously stepped inside the room. He looked as ordinary as he had before.

Unremarkable and plain, an everyday man of middle age.

“Good afternoon, lord Vince. I appreciate you giving me an indicator as to the topic of this discussion. It allowed me to prepare adequately,” said the envoy, bowing his head slightly to Vince.

“I hoped it would. Please, sit,” Vince said, gesturing to the other side of the table directly across from himself.

Ducking his head, the ambassador sat down and laid a messenger bag down in front of him. He opened it up and started to withdraw a sheaf of paper.

Pulling off the binding clip he peeled it in half and tucked one part back into his bag.

“This is a formal welcome from the emperor himself, signed, and without a date. It will convey you safely to and from his lands.

“In addition, it also lays out what he considers to be a sufficient amount of honor guards for you to take with you. The short version of that is no more than fifty, but any races of your choosing,” the ambassador explained.

Vince felt his eyebrows bunch up at that.

The number felt like something that was debated over, but the fact that races were left open, and pointed out, felt deliberate.

“The emperor understands perfectly well that you might have a few minor difficulties reaching him. The number wasn’t something he could affect, but the composition of the group was,” the envoy admitted, as if reading Vince’s mind.

“I see. May I ask, does the emperor know of Yosemite’s situation?” Vince asked directly.

“Yes.”

“And did he prepare anything in advance for that?”

“No, Lord Vince. He wanted to speak with you in person in regards to this matter. He gave me nothing to offer you. My apologies.”

So the emperor wants to speak with me personally. He prepared the invitation and the path, but not the conversation.

“I formally accept. My escort and I will depart within a day. You’re welcome to travel with us if you so choose,” Vince said, holding out a hand towards the ambassador.

“Ah, no. I’ll remain here but I’ll send one of my deputies. Forgive me, but Yosemite is comfortable for me and traveling disagrees with me. I will also be sending out a pigeon with your answer, however. That should arrive rather quickly in Benicia.”

“I understand completely,” Vince said, standing up. “I thank you for your time.”

The envoy smiled and stood up. “I hope you have a successful trip, Lord.”

Gathering up his bag, the envoy left quietly.

“Eva, can you get everyone in here? We need to figure out who’s going and who’s staying here to defend,” Vince asked.

The Wood Elf bobbed her head and slipped out the door without a sound.

Leila sighed and rubbed a hand across her temple. “I don’t want to head into the human lands. There are a number of humans with… bad tastes that prey on Gnome women.”

Vince couldn’t help but laugh at that, turning his head to eye the gnome. “You’re the only Gnome woman I’ve met actually. Are you normal for your race?”

“Normal?” Leila asked, a dangerous note in her voice.

“Well, you’re actually rather pretty. I’m not sure of what the standards of beauty are for Gnomes,” Vince said sincerely.

The Gnome’s big eyes closed once in a slow blink, then she turned her face away to stare at the door. Her lack of a response was odd, but he wouldn’t press her.

Then again, have you asked the same question of anyone else? For all you know, Fes is the ugliest Orc that ever lived.

The door opened, interrupting his thoughts.

In trooped Fes, Petra, Red, Meliae, Daphne, Karya, Blue, Red, Ramona, Eva, and Felicity.

Everyone filled the room, taking seats or standing near the sides.

“I’ve accepted the emperor’s invitation. I’ll be leaving tomorrow with an honor guard of fifty. I asked you all here to figure out who’s going, and who’s staying behind,” Vince said, turning his eyes on each person in turn to make sure they understood.

Meliae frowned prettily and tapped a finger to her lips. “Almost everyone should be fine to go, though I’d prefer it if Blue and Green remained here. They’re struggling against your rather powerful seed to keep their daughters as Dryads. How long will this trip be?”

“A month, give or take a few weeks. We’ll be running herd on supplies coming back this way I hope,” Vince answered.

“I’d prefer neither Daphne nor Karya left either then. They’ll be far enough along at that point that it’ll be much harder to move around,” Meliae said, turning her face to Fes.

Vince glanced at Daphne and Karya, only now noticing they were wearing much looser clothing than they had previously. Staring at each of their stomachs, he found that they were indeed now showing signs of their pregnancies.

“I agree,” Fes said. “Blue, Daphne, Karya, Felicity, and Ramona will remain here. Everyone else is going.”

“I admit I’m not the smartest man in the world but… won’t the children need you here to feed?” Vince asked carefully.

Meliae shook her head and gave him a lovely smile. “No, Sweetling. All those Dryads you seeded have pushed their clock ahead. They’re all producing breast-milk already. They’re acting as wet-nurses in shifts so that everyone gets time to rest.

“And speaking of Dryads. Mother sent six over to us. Two are my sisters, the other four are cousins. She included a note,” Meliae reached into her clothes and pulled a small folded piece of paper free. Setting it down on the table she slid it across to him.

“You’ll need to have another night of seeding with the new ones. I figure once a month we can hold the ceremony. That way it doesn’t take over your calendar,” Meliae said, her eyes flickering a faint glow from their depths.

Picking up the paper, he flipped it open and began to read:



Son-in-law,



Thank you for the most recent group of Dryads. We haven’t ever had that many join us over twenty years, let alone just one year.

I’ve sent over the first group of Wooden Heart’s daughters into your hands as well. It would seem that this will be a very beneficial relationship.

I think it would be good for us to meet and discuss the matter of formally tying Wooden Heart to Yosemite on your next visit.

Please bring my daughter and grandchildren with you. It’ll be so nice to actually see my offspring.



Be well, son-in-law,



Mila



“How many Dryads did we send over?” Vince asked, glancing up from the letter.

“Forty-two. There was a particularly large group that came over en masse from the far north. You should also know, the road will be done by the end of this month. We used the volunteers who wanted to be stationed there to help with the road,” Meliae said, grinning.

“In other words… the faster they went, the sooner they get to sit in a grove full of Nymphs,” Vince clarified.

Meliae nodded her head, folding her hands in front of her.

“Right. Pack your stuff up, folks, we’ll be leaving sooner than you think. I need to go talk to Kitch about taking twenty of her people with us. I want fifteen magicians and five scouts beyond that. I’ll rely on you for picking out the mages, Elysia,” Vince said, turning his head to the High Elf.

“I’ll make it happen, my liege,” said Elysia, flipping open her ledger to another page, scribbling in it quickly.

“I suppose that’s it. This is our last chance to make this work. Everything up to this point has been a failure. We can’t afford another,” Vince said softly.

The only other option is to exile people to spare the rest, and that’s the very last thing I want to consider.

The very last.



Vince had barely been given a chance to spend more than a week or two at home since his children had been born. The needs of his people were ever-present in his mind and prevented him from sitting idle.

So much so, that he left the very next morning with his honor guard.

Kitch had joined him personally, and had taken up position directly next to him. Her nineteen soldiers were four to a side, with the other three amongst the mages and scouts.

Everyone was tense and high strung; there was little in the way of conversation.

In truth, this would be more dangerous than heading into the deepest parts of the Wastes. In the Wastes, you were as likely to be avoided as attacked.

The route they’d taken would put them along the north end of Modesto, and out west towards the coast. Benicia was southwest of old Sacramento.

Moving ever deeper into the heart of the human lands of the west really was only going to get one general response.

Fear and hate.

Fortunately, the deputy ambassador was good at ranging out ahead of them whenever trouble presented itself. He had all the right seals, documents, and names to give them safe passage.

There’d been several close calls with various patrols of the local leaders, and even patrols from the emperor himself. Everyone in the empire had gone on a high alert after it had been revealed how deep Al had penetrated into the heart of the empire.

As tense as it was, it was surprising nonetheless to have reached Benicia without even a hint of trouble several days later.

On arrival they’d been stopped miles and miles out from the emperor’s Citadel.

It was a hump of stone, iron, and whatever else had been put together to form that incredible monstrosity in the distance.

The emperor had a vast array of weapons that were pointed out in every direction from that ugly tombstone of death. Surprisingly enough, the newest emperor had only added a single layer all the way around of new fortifications. With each emperor, the Citadel grew larger, with more defenses, and more pre-Waste weapons sprouting out of it. Early in the empire’s history, there had been an attack from the Wastes in response to the crusades. After that, the emperor practiced a doctrine of being a turtle.

After a security scan of each individual found nothing but traditional weaponry, Vince and his group were allowed to proceed.

The last thing for them to do was to walk the road to hell.

So named because it was the only paved boulevard to the Citadel.





Chapter 24



Vince’s honor guard had been forced to remain in an interior courtyard on the inside of the Citadel. The emperor was a cautious man and didn’t want to allow too many people in to see him at the same time.

Especially armed guards that didn’t report to him

It was something Vince could understand completely.

Only Elysia and Leila had been allowed to accompany him, and that was because he insisted they were his chamberlain and his minister.

He’d claimed, and accurately so, that without them he wouldn’t have the figures needed to hammer out a trade deal. Their expertise would be needed to ensure that the deal was made fairly and accurately.

After that, he, Elysia, and Leila were led ever deeper into the Citadel. As they went they encountered countless guards and checkpoints. Each was armed with pre-Waste guns that had clearly been modified into something new and different.

Have they begun to resurrect the tech? Most people aren’t even willing to consider working in the gun trade because making ammo is so expensive.

Does the emperor actually have the resources to dig into that? Where does he get them? Or is it a cache, leftover from the pre-Waste?

Why even have a talk with me about a trade agreement then? If he can retrofit and make progress, why worry about conventional arms?

If the war escalates, all the emperor has to do is roll north and squash everyone.

Vince couldn’t help but worry and fret over this whole scenario. Something didn’t add up for him and he was starting to feel itchy between his shoulder blades.

There was no reason for the emperor to show a personal interest in him at this level. Not to the point where he wanted to see him personally for a simple trade agreement.

“Calm down. There’s no reason to have let us this far in if he simply wanted to end us. They’ve had multiple opportunities,” Elysia whispered so softly, that it was almost as if she hadn’t spoken.

Vince heard it though, as she knew he would.

How closely did she watch him? How much did she know about what he could do?

Or am I just that obviously ill at ease. I’ll need to ask her later.

Finally, after enough twists and turns to confuse anyone without a map, they were led to a large arched doorway that led into a massive throne room.

It had a distant ceiling that had been painstakingly painted. Banners and drapery hung on every wall. Weapons and knick-knacks were laid out all over the place in glass cases.

It was a miniature museum, or someone showing off what they felt was worth showing off.

Vince couldn’t help but appraise the whole thing and disregard the vast majority of it. The weapons were something he’d be interested in, but all the frilly fabric and pre-Waste souvenirs were worthless to him. Vince favored function over form in almost all things. This room was full of things of no value to him.

Scattered throughout the throne room were guards armed with high powered rifles, all staring in his direction. On each side of the emperor were several women, all lacking in clothes.

Everything had been placed just so. Even the women who were clearly pleasure-servants were probably chosen to capture the eye.

He’s a very vain man who needs others to see his worth. Validation through others.

Does he have that little self-confidence?

A thick carpet that had led Vince onward towards the emperor eventually ended some thirty feet from the throne as it sat on its raised dais.

Taking that as the point he should stop, Vince did so, and got to one knee and bowed his head.

Vince had no illusions about who had power right now. He could swallow some of his pride to get a better deal for his people.

Pride was a fickle thing that could easily be brought back with time.

His life? Not so much.

“Emperor,” Vince said, keeping his eyes glued to the point where the dais went up two steps.

“Lord Vince, I appreciate the respect. Stand, please. I wanted to speak with you shortly before you began to make arrangements with my ministers,” the emperor said in a high-pitched voice.

Lifting his head, Vince stood up and met the emperor’s eyes directly.

He was a small man. With small eyes and a smirk. Black hair and dark eyes and a thin face.

Personally, Vince had no value for this man. His power was established on what his forebears had done before him, and he only held control through what everyone agreed was the promise of violence.

“I wanted to thank you for your service in the north. Apparently, we have you to thank for revealing the whole thing before it happened. You even turned an army back on itself at Yosemite. You have our thanks,” the emperor said.

There was a careful, casual caress that slid over his mind. It was almost so subtle as to be one of Vince’s own thoughts.

Realizing what it was, Vince blanked his surface thoughts to only what he had been thinking of the Citadel earlier, and how the emperor had no need of him.

That ever so gentle pressure flowed over and around his surface thoughts like water moving through sand. Sifting, burbling, sinking ever deeper.

As quickly as it had come, it fled as soon as it had gone as deep as it could without becoming obvious.

Vince felt his eyebrow twitch, and quickly bowed his head to the emperor. “Not a problem. I am of course a Ranger, and serve to protect the citizens. What was happening in the north was believed to be an attack by the wastelands.”

He couldn’t even begin to think about what had just happened as he wasn’t sure what would and wouldn’t be hidden. Forcing himself, he pushed his mind back to the trade agreement at hand, and how he desperately needed to make this work for his people.

The emperor only nodded his head. Seconds ticked by before he finally held up a hand, indicating a door to his side. “My ministers await. They’ll be able to negotiate this aptly. If you depart before I see you again, travel safely. The roads are unsafe as of late.”

Vince bobbed his head once more, pushing his thoughts towards the idea of being attacked on the way home. That the roads were unsafe.

Unable to say anything more, Vince moved towards the indicated door as smoothly as he could.

The briefest whisper of something touched his thoughts as he left the throne room.

Taking a seat without a word, Vince kept cycling a continuous stream of surface thoughts as he bided his time.

Thankfully, Elysia and Leila were there to work the deal. They knew exactly what they had, and what they needed.

Indeed, even as he sat there, he felt the occasional flicker of power slip between his thoughts, working at understanding them.

Vince was so lost in keeping his thoughts topical and benign, that he had to have Elysia direct him where to sign. Both Elysia and Leila seemed concerned for him, but said nothing.

He barely heard what the final agreement was, but he was fairly certain that, by the disposition of his companions, providing that they could survive getting home, their troubles with regards to food would be over.

Diving into the silly thoughts that were armor for him, Vince let himself be escorted out of the room, and out of the Citadel.

As soon as their feet hit the inner courtyard with the rest of his people, Vince held up a hand. It was the normal hand signal for silence when they were out on missions.

Fes and Petra stared hard at him for a moment before wheeling around and getting everyone moving.

Elysia and Leila seemed like they wanted to argue the point but didn’t push against Fes’ command.

Just as they were about to pass through the gates that led back to the road, Vince felt another brush of his mind. This time it was significantly weaker.

But it was there.

The emperor had a similar ability to his own.

That or a Dragon’s.

Whatever he is, he isn’t fully human. I think I just learned something I’d be killed for. And if there’s more than one mind reader, do I keep it to myself to protect the others?

I don’t know… I just don’t know.

In the end, Vince had chosen not to say anything to his companions. There was no telling who could read minds, and he’d always played closer to paranoia than most.

He’d apologized for his behavior and claimed he’d felt uncomfortable in the Citadel, and that nothing was wrong.

Having long since been used to his wary and cautious nature, they believed it and excused it.

It wasn’t until the next morning that he’d found out that they got exactly what they needed to get through their period of need.

Elysia had phrased it as “tight, but very manageable” when she’d explained it to the others.

Now they only had to get home.



They’d traveled east from Benicia, straight to the Sacramento river. In the pre-Waste era, this hadn’t been as large a river. Now it was rather vast, and required a dedicated ferry and tender line to cross.

Kitch and her people had simply waded into the water and used the chain link that worked as the guide to move to the other side. She wanted to secure their landing point and make sure it was safe.

Vince didn’t argue, since that’d be an ideal ambush location by his own standards.

Truth be told, he didn’t argue, or even think much, on their return trip. He was enjoying the glow of success. That his people would be fine and make it through this trial.

That the tribulations his people were going to go through would pass.

“Bringer,” Red said, her ears swiveling to the treeline behind them. “Someone comes.”

Turning his head away from his people who were crossing to the other side on the ferry, Vince looked to the trees.

He couldn’t feel or sense anything out there, but that didn’t mean there wasn’t. Red simply had better senses than he did.

Frowning, he looked at those who were around him. Vince had elected to be on the last ride over, giving his people time to set up and get ready.

Those with him were Red, Eva, and Green. Everyone else was already on the other side, or crossing now.

“Green, those trees talkative?” Vince asked, his thumb rubbing the pommel of his saber.

The small Dryad faced the trees and paused.

“Elves, Men, Beastkin, and something they don’t know. No collars,” she finally said.

“In other words, probably foes since Wasters wouldn’t be on this side of the continent,” Vince said. Sighing, he chewed at his lower lip.

It’s something I’d do. Let them cross and then kill off one side. That or they had intended to catch us before we got here. Or right as we started crossing. Or—

Vince immediately ended his train of thought. It wouldn’t do him any good.

“Green, are you close enough to commune with—” Vince started.

“Yes. I’ve already alerted them. Kitch wants to head back this way,” Green said quickly, interrupting him.

Shaking his head, Vince looked to the north. If they rushed along the river, they could probably make some distance.

You’re a Ranger. You were trained in evasion and losing tails. Time to put those skills to use.

“Tell them to head home, we’ll catch up with them,” Vince said. Giving his gear a quick once over, he secured everything that even felt a tiny bit loose. “Cinch up. Get your gear squared. Red, pop that chain free so they can’t follow our friends.”

Eva, Red, and Green all obeyed.

It took only a heartbeat, but they were ready.

Glancing across the river, Vince saw everyone staring at him. They clearly were unhappy. Angry.

Afraid.

“We’re off,” Vince muttered. Setting his shoulders, he set off at a swift jog, dipping into the trees.

The soil here would be less likely to hold a print than the soft, waterlogged stuff near the river.

Eva kept pace on his left, Red his right, Green loping along behind him.

They were quiet, graceful, shadow-like.

Gone.



Vince kept their pace steady and swift.

There was no doubt in his mind that their pursuers would find their trail. Paired to that thought, this meant that they had to be faster than the pursuers could follow while managing the trail.

All he could do was make it harder for them right now. After all, his group could only go north or south. South would force them back into Benicia and could easily be blocked.

North was the only option.

Vince could keep this pace for a day when he was a Ranger. Empowered as he was now, he wasn’t sure.

“Red, Green, Eva,” Vince got out between breaths. “How long can you keep this up?”

“Somewhere beyond nightfall, grove husband,” Green said.

So something like ten hours.

“Red can keep pace with you till your heart gives out, Bringer. Red is very strong.”

“You’ve charged me up repeatedly and I’ve had no outlet, Master. I can go for a very long time,” Eva said, slipping around a tree.

“We pick up the pace then when nightfall comes. Green, when you tire, pull on the grove for energy. We really need to distance ourselves and our best chance is to make haste when they lose light,” Vince said.

“I understand. I’ll not be a burden to you, grove husband,” Green promised.

After that brief conversation, they fell silent. Only the occasional sound from an animal running out of the path of their advance could be heard.

Just before sunset they managed to find a low-slung stone bridge over the Sacramento river. They couldn’t see anyone on it, but Vince refused to use it.

It was another location he’d station people to watch. To wait.

To ambush.

They kept on.

Nightfall came and went. Cloaking everything and everyone in the dark.

Green suddenly went down in a tumble, the air whooshing out of her lungs.

Everyone came to a stop and looked back to find the Dryad on her elbows and knees, struggling to get up. Her breaths came in great gasps, her face pale and her eyes wide.

Biting back a sigh, as he’d pushed her far beyond what almost any race could endure, he quickly moved to her.

“Grove-husband. I’m…sorry,” panted out the Dryad, her face pained as she stared up at him.

“Hush. Forgive me for this, it’s no way to carry you but… we have little choice,” Vince said apologetically. Getting closer, he got down and then grabbed one of Green’s arms and legs. With a heavy grunt he heaved her over his shoulders and got her situated.

Gripping her wrist and ankle, Vince took a few steps to test out her balance.

“Bringer, there is a bridge there. I sense no one on it, but… Red is not sure. They could be very good at hiding,” said the Cursed One.

We need to get across. Desperately so. There’s nothing for us on this side and we’ve already passed a bridge and several more ferry crossings. They couldn’t have laid ambushes this far north, could they?

“We cross. We’ll go for a few more hours and then take a rest until first light,” Vince said, his eyes scanning the shadowed bridge repeatedly.

Red and Eva fell in as they started moving once more.

Turning onto the bridge, Vince found it was nothing more than rotting wood smashed together with bent nails. It was something the poor would put together to avoid paying tolls or crossing taxes.

It creaked ominously as the party started across. Vince almost reconsidered the attempt entirely. Water seeped up over the edges and onto their boots with their weight, but the bridge held.

The sound of water flowing, boots pounding on the wood, and the occasional splash of a fish filled his ears. To the point that it felt like each step was a gunshot.

It was a cacophony of sound that would bring everyone for miles down around their ears. Gritting his teeth, his eyes felt as if they couldn’t open any further as he scanned the far banks over and over.

Stretching his mind out, his senses, and anything he could, Vince found nothing. Over and over.

Only ensuring the fact that there had to be something there.

This was the prevalent thought in his mind, right up until they left the bridge and kept running off into the night.

No ambush, no waiting enemies, no problems.

Vince and company escaped the blocking wall that was the Sacramento river, and ran on into the night.





Chapter 25



A warm, soft, wet sensation slid along his shaft and engulfed him.

Blearily, Vince cracked open an eye and found that everything around him was quiet and still. It was pre-dawn gloom with only the first vestiges of light peeking out.

They’d made camp in the deep dark of night. They’d managed to find a wooded area and stopped within the edge of it.

Red was sleeping beside him, Eva curled up behind her.

And Green was perched between his legs. One hand held his girth free of his fly, the other hand rested on his hip.

Between her full lips was his manhood.

Suckling on it tenderly, she dipped her head down to his hilt and lovingly sucked on it, her eyes glowing softly as she gazed up at him.

She had a habit of ambushing him in the mornings whenever she got the opportunity. Both with her mouth and her body.

He suspected it was the thrill of taking him without permission and getting caught by one of the other women. The same reason she pretended it never happened around others and why she hid in his sleeping bag to wait for him.

Her hand moved down from his hilt to cup his balls, giving them a squeeze. She tilted her head to the side, and he slid free of her lips and grazed along her cheek.

Moving down she ran her tongue up and down over his jewels. She paused only to nip at the skin with her mouth, pulling on it while her tongue pressed firmly into his sack as she filled her mouth with it.

Rolling her hand upward she stroked his shaft carefully with her small fingers. Reaching his hilt she encircled him with her thumb and forefinger and guided him back into her mouth, leisurely inhaling him.

He never could look away when Green performed. Her beautiful and Elven face, with those exquisite details and small features, and a Dryad’s needs, really blew right through his control.

Her lips glistening, she started to work him back and forth methodically, her hand on his hilt rotating slowly. With her other hand she cradled his balls and rolled them between her fingers and palm.

Vince’s breath started to quicken as she worked him expertly.

Her tongue rolled around the tip whenever she got him to the end, and rubbed hard along the underside when she pushed him deep into her throat.

Guiding him down to the hilt, her lips would strain against his lower abdomen and sack. As if to pull more of him out of his body so she could devour it.

Unable to help himself, Vince’s hands came down to rest on Green’s head, who gave him a smile around his manhood. She enjoyed being directed as she pleasured him, so who was he to argue.

Taking a double handful of her hair he began to force her speed to what he wanted, making sure to bury his tip deep into her throat when he could.

Green made no noise, as if afraid to wake the others. Her eyes even flicked over to them on occasion, only to come back to him, crinkling in delight that none was the wiser.

After a minute or two, Vince wanted to finish. Green never held back and always gave him all he wanted without teasing or being mischievous.

“I want to watch you play with it before you swallow,” Vince said softly.

Green clearly understood as her eyes glowed just a bit more intensely.

Easing himself back, he wedged his tip between her lips, and then came.

He filled her mouth with his seed, the thick hot stringy mess coating her tongue and teeth completely.

Coaxing, squeezing fingers worked methodically on his balls. Those firm fingertips milked and stroked every single drip from him.

Coming down from his climax, he felt the last contraction end.

Letting out a slow breath, he smiled down at his personal Nymph.

Definitely one way to work out the stress.

Before Green even had a chance to play with the load in her mouth, Red’s hand snatched her jaw and pulled her backwards.

“Why do you steal Red’s meal? It does nothing for you. Red asks because Red is hungry and wanted to be fed,” growled the Cursed One.

Green couldn’t answer. Her mouth was full and her jaw clenched shut in Red’s hand.

As sudden as she’d grabbed her, Red kissed her hungrily.

It was vicious and violent, Red clearly forcing her tongue into Green’s mouth. Pulling at Green’s hair, Red tilted her head down, as if to make sure she drained his seed from Green’s mouth completely.

Red ravaged Green with her tongue, clearly forcing it all throughout her mouth. After that came the soft sucking noise. Vince could only guess Red had caught Green’s tongue and was now making sure to get every drop from the Dryad.

Ten seconds after it started, Red released Green and swallowed. She inspected Green, looking at her lips. Then she pulled her mouth open and peered inside as if to make sure it was empty.

Frowning, Red turned her eyes on Vince.

“Bringer, there was more to this meal than what Red normally gets. How does the Dryad get more from you than Red does?” asked the Cursed One. “Red doesn’t understand.”

“Uh—” Vince said, looking to Green.

“He enjoys it when I use my mouth, Red. If he enjoys it, he’ll give you more. I can show you how. It’s not that hard,” Green said, her eyes a touch fearful and embarrassed. Of course they were glowing brightly.

Maybe she likes the idea of being caught, but actually being caught even more so.

Red looked at the Dryad and grimaced, her lips pressed tightly to one another. “Red can’t, even if Red wanted to. Red might get too hungry and bite. Red won’t hurt Bringer. You will do the work for Red.”

Grabbing Green by the head again, she pushed her head down into Vince’s lap. With the other hand she scooped up his saliva covered shaft, which was honestly half hard from watching the two, and pushed it into Green’s mouth.

“Get Red another meal. Tonight you will do this again for Red for dinner. Tomorrow as well for Red’s meals,” Red said, then paused. “No, you will do this for Red when Red is hungry. You will do this every time for Red,” Red said imperiously, pushing Green’s face into Vince’s crotch.

For her part, Green eagerly began to suck on him, her eyes greened over and glowing like stars.



An hour later, and after Red felt satisfied having been fed twice, Eva stirred. Green, as was her habit, pretended nothing had happened, but clearly couldn’t make eye contact with Red.

They broke their fast with simple bread and dried meat that each had carried on their person in belt pouches and pockets. Their packs had been sent over with Kitch and her people.

Worst comes to worst I can hunt and gather. It’ll be like it used to be in the Wastes.

Vince truly wasn’t concerned. Running from danger and surviving in the wilderness was honestly what he was best at.

As they ate quietly, each seemed lost in their own thoughts.

Green had been acting strange for the last minute, her head tilting one way, then the other, as if she was listening to something.

“Grove husband… they’re here,” Green said with a sad edge to her voice. “They’ve completely surrounded us. The woods around us aren’t good with numbers but… I get the impression that it’s at least a hundred people.”

Vince’s mouth opened and hung there.

Surrounded us? A hundred? How? How is that even possible? They’d have to have been alerted that we’d be in the area, and even be able to keep up with us.

Spreading out his senses, and pushing hard with his gifts, Vince searched their immediate area.

There, in a tree above them, was a Fairy.

“Red,” Vince said, getting the Cursed One’s attention.

Looking at him, those red eyes were angry and concerned. Apparently she took being hunted as an insult.

Pointing up to the direction of the Fairy, Vince waited.

Red’s head whipped up towards that direction. She was kneeling there, like a coiled spring one second, then bounding through the air the next.

There was a squeak, and then Red landed next to Vince, a Fairy clutched in her clawed hands.

She held out the Fairy to him, one hand pressed to its mouth.

It was a female. And very large for its species. It was probably the biggest Fairy he’d ever seen.

“Bringer. Should I kill it?” Red asked, several fingers closing around the Fairy’s neck.

“No… I want to question her later. Bind her, gag her, and put her in this,” Vince said, pulling an empty sack free from his belt. Giving the drawstring a quick test he handed it over to Red.

“Alright. Eva, Green. We’re going to need to get out of here and it’s going to be a bit of work,” Vince said, thinking hurriedly.

Green nodded, leaning forward towards him.

The crack of a rifle was heard, and Green spun to one side, blood splattering out from behind her and spraying the trees.

Inside him at the same moment, he felt one of the many trees clutch into itself, then all the trees around it began pushing energy towards it.

“Get down!” Vince hissed. Scurrying over to Green, he found that the round, as what else could it be, had gone through her shoulder. The small Dryad must have ruined the shot when she leaned forward. Otherwise it would have gone through her heart.

Panting, Green stared up at him, a hand pressed to the gaping wound. “I… I’m alright, grove husband. I’ve already stopped the bleeding. I can’t… I can’t close it though. It’s too big. I need time.”

Vince had seen the exit wound spray, the round had simply passed right through her body.

Her teeth chattered, her eyes glazed over. There was no blood seeping from between her fingers, or spreading out underneath her.

Ok, she’s not bleeding out but she’s not going anywhere either.

Red dropped the writhing sack down next to Vince and looked around them.

“Red doesn’t know where the shot came from. Red doesn’t like this.”

Vince couldn’t help but agree.

Looking around he couldn’t find Eva. Searching, he started to feel his heart speed up as he couldn’t find any sign of her.

Then Eva stepped out from between two trees, carrying a pre-Waste rifle in one hand, and a bag of ammo in the other.

“I’ve taken care of the sniper, Master. They weren’t expecting me to attack them. They were a ways out and had set up well. There were a total of three of them, they’re all dead, but they were able to shout for help,” Eva said, coming over to them. “I’ll not be able to repeat this without great risk.”

“Good work. Yeah, don’t repeat that. Did you see anything else?” Vince asked.

“We really are surrounded, Master. Humans, Elves, Beastkin, all different races.”

Sighing, Vince shook his head.

Al again? Maybe? We’ll find out later I suppose. The little Fairy will be spilling her guts, before someone spills her guts.

Putting action to his thoughts, Vince grabbed the sack the Fairy was in, and tied it back to his belt.

“Red can get out. Red can get out and take Green. Should Red go? Red won’t last more than two weeks without Bringer,” Red said, chewing at her lower lip.

Vince hesitated, then nodded his head. Green would make it nearly impossible to survive this. She was simply too bad off. “Yes, please. I’ll reward you in whatever way you see fit, Red, if you can do it.”

Red turned her head to one side, her ears twitching on top of her head. Saying nothing, she turned, picked up Green, and then sprinted off into the woods.

Eva watched her go and let out a soft sigh. “Master, I wish I had her strength and speed. She’ll break through that line without them being able to do anything.”

“Comes with a price,” Vince said. “Her meals are certainly one aspect, her mentality is the other. Leila has said that Red is technically Undead. One wonders if Red even has a soul.”

Eva pressed up to his side, laying the rifle and ammo down in front of herself. “What should we do, Master?”

“We act the part of a Ranger. We break contact, hide, lurk, lay in wait. If we get the opportunity to kill a few without revealing ourselves, we do so. We make it look like we’ve already fled the forest and broken free, while we simply remain here in the woods,” Vince said, picking up the rifle. “If we need to, and everything goes wrong, you should use this. You don’t have your bow and this’ll work just as well, if not better.”

It was true, too. Between them, they had Vince’s saber, Eva’s hunting knife, and this rifle. She’d sent her bow on ahead with Kitch’s group.

“It’s unnatural,” Eva complained. Taking the rifle from him.

“Is it? It’s wood and iron. It’s not even magical. Focus on the wood the stock is made out of, the iron that was mined out of the earth to make the barrel. Even the ammunition is from nature,” Vince explained. “It’s quite natural, you’re just not thinking of it in the right way. Now, let’s head deeper in and get ready. The longer we have, the better off we’ll be.” Keeping low, Vince slipped off into the underbrush.



Vince and Eva had settled close to the edge of the woods to the north. It was the least likely place they’d be expected to flee from. This was only after they blazed a trail straight to the southeast as if they were running away.

It wasn’t perfect, it wasn’t even ideal, but with a bit of luck they could slip this tightening noose. For the time being, they were laying down in the brush, twenty feet from each other.

A few scouts had passed them by not twenty minutes previously. They were clearly sweeping for any trace or sign of passage of their prey. Vince and Eva had chosen well though, or at least well enough to not be spotted in those scouts’ passing.

This hadn’t been enough people though. Vince had the distinct impression these were brush beaters. Those they sent forward to flush the hunted animal forward. Pushing it straight into the welcoming arms of an oncoming group of hunters.

So Vince had remained hidden, pretending for the world to be nothing more than a lump of grass. A rock. A fallen tree log.

Straining his ears, he heard nothing except the occasional bird call in the distance. The sway of leaves as a light breeze made its way through.

Then there was a rustle of clothes. At first he hadn’t been sure of it, it’d been so faint he’d barely heard it. He’d even discounted it for perhaps Eva or himself breathing.

It slowly got louder, and closer. This could only be the ring of hunters that were closing inexorably inward to the center. If Vince and Eva weren’t on the move by the time they met in the center, they’d lose their window.

Taking a soft shallow breath, Vince scanned his surroundings as best as he could. He couldn’t really afford to move so everything had to be done while remaining still. Movement would give him away as quickly as coughing.

Good thing we tied that Fairy up in the tree.

Heading his way were a pair of booted feet.

These would be those sent afterward to search more deeply I imagine.

Keeping his breathing even and slow, he pressed his face against the grass, Vince watched as those boots came closer.

He couldn’t be completely sure, but it looked like they might just walk right by him on his right side.

Providing they don’t step on Eva, this might not go too badly.

The crack of a twig being stepped on got his attention. From the same direction the first pair of boots came from, now came a second.

This pair seemed on a collision course for him. There really wouldn’t be a way for him to avoid them if they kept the path they were on. They’d go right through the bush he was in, and carry right over him.

More likely they’ll step on me and realize something is very wrong.

Reaching out with his thoughts, Vince carefully peeked into the minds of both hunters, and then dipped into Eva’s.

Pushing the single thought of Vince leaping up and capturing the hunter heading straight for him, and killing them, he waited.

There was a slow, strange response from Eva. Unsure of herself, Eva was clearly working on visualizing her jumping out of the bushes and onto the other hunter.

Firming up her own visualizing with his own, Vince felt like she understood.

They’d leap out, and take down both hunters in unison.

Or so the plan goes. More than likely I’ll just leap out and—

Time was up. The boots were here.

Gathering himself and grabbing his hunting knife, Vince stood up while leaping forward.

His left hand closed around a beautiful Elven woman’s shoulder. Bringing his knees up, he hit her in the stomach. As her breath came out in a whoosh, she was already tumbling backwards as Vince’s momentum and weight carried them along.

Hitting the ground, he landed heavily on her. Between the attack and hitting the ground, she was dazed, out of breath, and pinned. Grabbing the top of her hair with his left hand, he thrust forward with his right hand.

His blade passed cleanly into her throat, the wide blade severing her windpipe completely. Jerking his hand to one side he pulled the blade through her carotid artery.

The Elf’s hands were clutching at Vince’s armor. Blood pumped furiously into the air with each beat of her heart. Bubbling noises were all that could be heard as her windpipe filled with her own blood.

Trying to spare her, Vince pulled his blade back the other way and smashed the hilt of it into her temple twice.

Her arms went limp and her eyes rolled into her head.

Looking away from the unconscious dying Elf, Vince couldn’t spot the other hunter.

Casting out his thoughts, he found Eva in a bush nearby. She was perched atop the other hunter in a similar position, the man having suffered a similar fate.

Having rifled through the woman’s pockets for anything that might be worth taking, intelligence-wise or for monetary value, Vince slunk away in the direction she’d come from.

Eva was behind him.

They paused long enough to retrieve the Fairy, and they ghosted away.





Chapter 26



Vince and Eva had circled wide around the edge of the woods. The goal was to slowly make their way towards home, without giving their position away.

Hopefully, the hunters would find their dead, and backtrack out that way, or assume their prey had remained in the area. With any luck, they’d never even consider the idea that they’d looped all the way around.

Vince and Eva made some progress, moving slowly and carefully through the trees. They did everything they could to limit any markers or tracks that might be left behind. To make it as hard as possible for their plans to be discovered.

With how slow they were going though, it’d be a while before they were able to break free of the chase. It was a bet really. Going slow and steady, assuming they wouldn’t be found. Or fast and hard, thinking they could simply outrun their hunters.

The day eventually faded and became evening. Still, Eva and Vince crept and crawled along through the woods. Vince would cast his senses backwards to see if there was anyone coming up along behind them, and every time it was clear and empty.

He didn’t dare believe they’d slipped the noose. The very second he did that was when something would go terribly wrong.

Ahead of them was an open empty prairie. There were a few rolling hills but the vast majority of it was flat. Spaces so wide and vast that you could see movement miles away on this windless day.

It had the look of previously cultivated farmland, the ground tilled and rolled over but nothing growing.

Staring out across that ground, Vince felt a tightness in his heart. There was no way to not cross this expanse. If they could get to the other side they’d be well on their way home. On their way home and with only a vague possibility of being caught or chased. The foothills began to the east, and reaching that they could skirt them south and end up arriving home sooner than anyone could catch them.

Providing they got across this miserable field of death.

On the other side of this were his people. He could even feel them heading this way.

Gotta love being the grove. Every Dryad knows where I am at all times.

“I’ll go first, Master,” Eva said. “If anyone comes, please don’t risk yourself.”

Lost in his thoughts as he was, before he could respond Eva had taken the advantage and was already moving ahead into the field.

Vince watched with equal parts anger and trepidation. He’d have preferred to be given a chance to at least talk about it.

Eva didn’t bother to hide herself as she went. Vince couldn’t help but agree with her choice since there was no point in trying to hide. The best she could do was move at a steady speed that hopefully might be overlooked by anyone that might be watching.

Holding his breath, he watched as the Wood Elf made her way across. Twenty minutes later he could see the point where she’d made it halfway.

If no one had gone after her by this time, it was unlikely anyone was watching. They’d have already sprung the trap to run her down.

That was the risk Eva willingly took.

Taking a deep breath, Vince set out onto the open ground.

Now that he was walking on it, it really did have the look of previously worked fields. What little grew was very short, an inch or two tall at best.

I wonder what happened to the owner of these fields? They’re fairly wide, open, defensible if one sunk a fort into it. It’d be ideal to cultivate and live here.

A horn sounded from behind him, shattering the quiet. It was two long notes, and then fell silent.

Vince glanced around and found he was in an area that was no different than his expectations.

Open, clear, devoid of cover.

Feeling his skin prickle as his paranoia escalated to an unprecedented level, Vince couldn’t imagine this was anything other than what he feared.

Either he or Eva had been spotted by a patrol. If this had been a trap everything would have gone to crap earlier. Now they’d be chased down in these fields.

Looking out ahead, Eva had already cleared the plain. He couldn’t see her, but he could feel her just inside the treeline. Watching.

Which means they’re coming for me.

Making a decision, Vince started running. They’d have to sprint to catch up to him. And he could run for a very long time.

Clearing the ground rapidly, Vince felt some of the tension fading. He had too much of a lead, there was no way they’d catch him.

Then he felt it. He heard it.

The pounding of hooves.

A quick glance over his shoulder and he saw them. A large group of people riding towards him on horses. He didn’t stop to count but they had to number at least fifty.

Damn them. Damn them all! They’ve only been on foot up to this point. Why horses? Why now?

Vince grit his teeth and turned, charging up one of the few rolling hills.

The best he could hope for was forcing them to lose speed charging up the slope at him. It might just give him a chance.

Maybe.

One man against fifty some odd horse aren’t good odds there, Vince.

Getting to the top of the rise Vince pulled his saber free. Taking a shaky breath he watched the oncoming horses. They were visible and clear now that he was looking. Humans, Elves, Orcs, other races he couldn’t identify immediately.

And so… here I am. Staring down those who want to kill me because Al’s a dick. I’ve probably personally freed more slaves than I can even count.

The very cause they fight for, and yet here I am.

Being hunted by them.

Vince shook his head, wishing again that he’d slaughtered Al when he’d had the chance. The only reason for Al to bother Vince now could be revenge.

That or some elaborate plot he had no idea about, but that didn’t seem likely.

Real life didn’t work like that.

The horses were charging up the hill now.

Taking several quick breaths, Vince thought hard on what to do. They were moving towards him at full speed. Apparently they planned to simply run him down rather than fight him.

Rocketing forward, Vince chose his fate.

Sprinting, he closed in on the riders in the front. Seeing him flying their way they began to attempt to redress their ranks and close up as they rode.

Slipping in between two of them, Vince slashed at the arm of the one on his right. Then he dug a furrow into the side of the horse on his left. The horse was innocent in this, and Vince’s only goal was to take a leg off the rider himself. Didn’t matter though.

Shrieking furiously, the horse bucked sideways.

Turning with the attack, Vince danced in front of another horse, the tip of his sword spearing its throat as he passed.

He pitied the horse for a millisecond, then moved on.

Grabbing a hold of a passing leg he pulled savagely, tumbling a woman from her saddle.

Vince pierced her chest as she hit the ground with a quick stab from his blade. He looked up to reorient himself.

Just as he did a boot smashed into his face as a rider blew by, sending Vince careening to the turf.

Rolling with the hit, Vince found himself fetching up beside a dying horse.

Getting behind the twitching and shuddering mount he found the rider. They were trapped underneath the horse with one leg pinned underneath.

The Elf held his hands up in supplication, as if to beg for mercy.

Vince’s sword struck sure and fast, taking off several fingers as the tip exploded through the man’s neck.

Turning his head one way, then the other, he found that the vast majority of the riders were wheeling around back to face him for another charge.

Sliding to the other side of the now dead horse Vince could only wait. Taking a heaving breath he gave himself a shake, trying to keep his anger and fear in check.

He didn’t want to lose his mind. To fall into the rage that befell him last time. He needed to plan. To think.

To look for every and any possible opportunity.

Finishing their wide turn the horsemen closed ranks and then charged him again.

Vince lifted his left hand and murmured in a sing-song voice.

Speed, strength, and power flooded into his muscles as the spell finished. The drain on the grove was noticeable, but not significantly.

His spell had been clean, efficient, direct.

Leila had done her best with him after all. He wasn’t talented in sorcery, but he was well trained.

A number of small fireballs and even a lightning bolt flew out from the horsemen’s ranks.

Preparing a channel from his arm to his leg, Vince lifted his blade up. He caught the bolt of electricity on the tip of the saber and directed it down his side and into the ground with a quick incantation.

Everything suddenly smelled of bacon and burnt hair.

He hurt terribly along the side he’d magically grounded the bolt, but he was alive.

For the fireballs he simply dodged them. They weren’t moving fast enough to catch him with his enhanced speed.

Then the horses were on him.

Running forward, Vince leapt upward. Crashing into the lead riders he sent a number of them tumbling. Smashing bodily into one in particular though, Vince wrapped himself around the woman.

Her blade skittered off his shoulder and split his armor where it hit.

Grabbing her by the throat, Vince pushed her backwards off the horse. She fell screaming into the thundering pounding hooves of all those who came after her.

Struggling to force the horse to stop, Vince fended off a few attacks with one hand. Several slipped through his guard, drawing blood or carving his armor.

Vince got his horse to slow down enough for the first and second rank to flow around him. The ranks that followed had no idea what was going on and went by him, their horses unwilling to slam into Vince’s.

Someone had a keen eye though, and slashed outward with their blade at Vince.

Dodging the attack, Vince could only watch in pessimistic horror as the blade smashed into the back of his horse’s head.

The animal dropped, and Vince found himself fighting to not get trampled.

After a time, that felt like hours, the thundering passed.

Bleeding, battered, and feeling like a road, Vince stood up over the dead horse.

Looking around, there were a number of fallen riders and mounts around him.

He’d killed some, knocked others down, and created anarchy with every pass.

Except that he was losing this battle. In two passes he’d been battered terribly and was now bleeding from several places.

I can do this. I can do this. If they come again… we’ll… we’ll just…

Vince flogged at his fuzzy thoughts, trying to get them into order.

The horsemen completed their turn, wheeling around on him again.

Instead, this time, they slowed down. Those with weapons that had a long reach were filtering to the front.

Rather than try to rush him again, and risk whatever he might do next to them, the riders began to fan out around him, encircling him.

They’d surround him and bring him down over time.

“Shit,” Vince said, blood from a cut on his forehead running down into his eyes.

Panting, Vince looked around himself, trying to figure out what to do next.

Before they could finish encircling him, there was a screaming roar from above.

It was loud, vicious, and it hit him right in the primal part of his brain. Vince wanted to get low to the ground and scan the skyline for whatever was hunting him.

Then a blurred form smashed into an attacker in front of Vince. The rider was knocked forward like a cannonball, shooting from his saddle and blasting into a second person.

What hit the rider floated towards him with two beats of their wings.

The horned head turned towards him.

Ramona’s short silver hair framed her reptilian blue eyes. She gave Vince a once over with those eyes and looked back to the horsemen.

They fixed her wings already?

Leila hopped free from between the Dragonnewt’s wings and scampered over to him. She waved her hands back and forth as she did, her voice inaudible but her lips moving. Air gathered up beneath her and formed itself into a disc.

“H-hey there,” said the Gnome, floating up beside him.

Vince blinked at her, staring into the Gnome’s big eyes.

“Hey,” Vince said woodenly.

He almost felt drunk. It’d been a while since he’d been pressed this hard.

Ramona spun in the air and touched down beside him, putting her back to him.

“Everyone is on the way. Red will be here the soonest. Probably about a minute out. Kitch and her people are coming at a trot but they’re probably fifteen minutes from here,” Ramona explained. Her wings flapped once more and then folded up behind her.

“Oh,” Vince said, pulling his eyes from Leila and looking to the riders. “Glad to see both of you, and that your wings are healed.”

“Grove of bored Dryads who took a much deeper interest in me when they realized I was living in your home,” Ramona said neutrally, her hands flexing. “That and you apparently made an offer to them on my behalf.”

Around them, the riders had been conferring with each other.

One in particular seemed to be leading the conversation.

Looking to Leila, Vince held up a hand towards the obvious leader. “Leila, co—”

A ball of dark twisting nasty flew out from Leila’s hands and splattered all over the man. Vince hadn’t even noticed she’d been whispering a spell.

When it struck the man, the miasma of awful behaved like a fluid, splashing all around everyone near him.

Screaming as the purple nightmare crawled over his skin as if it were alive, the leader fell to the ground. Everyone around him who had been struck began to screech and howl as well.

Blinking, Vince wasn’t quite sure what to say.

Leila swung one arm around and a lasso of dark blue hell came free of her wrist, encircling another two riders. They were dragged to the ground when Leila tugged on her end, the two staring blankly at nothing, unmoving.

The lasso passed through them, and white mist was ripped free from their bodies.

Leila began panting heavily at Vince’s side, her shoulders shaking. To Vince it seemed as if those two spells she’d thrown had taken a massive toll on her.

There was a howl from the side followed by a deafening bang. A rider was sent flying from her mount. Latched tightly to the woman was Red. Her fingers were sunk deep into the woman’s chest and neck and only came free when the two women hit the dirt.

Holding up her arms, the pale skinned Cursed Beastkin howled to the heavens.

It was a cry that was unnatural, that actually pulled on the darkness inside of herself. Matched with the pair of bright glowing red eyes, Red was truly nightmarish.

Having lost so many of their people, and leaders, the attackers began to melt away from the hill. They took off in the direction of the woods they’d come from.

Perhaps to get reinforcements. Maybe to retreat.

Either way, Vince wasn’t about to let this chance slip away.

“Go,” Vince commanded, setting off at a jog towards the last spot he’d seen Eva.

“Thanks. Each one of you, thank you. Without your timely intervention I’m not sure I’d have made it out of that in one piece,” Vince said, his words a bit slurred. Looking around himself at the trio of women he felt deeply indebted to them. “Consider me in your debt. Deeply so.”

Red gave him a feral grin, her eyes crinkling as she loped along easily beside him. The crazed monster from moments ago gone.

Leila nodded her head, sitting down on her floating disc. She looked winded, but pleased with herself. “I’m sure I’ll think of something,” said the Gnome with a tired smile.

Ramona returned his gaze evenly when he put his attention to her.

She took another step as they ran, and then flapped her wings, taking off from the ground. She got twenty feet above him and remained there, going no higher, no lower, or any faster.

Vince spent a few moments watching her fly. Her flight didn’t seem quite natural, certainly not very birdlike with the way her legs hung down beneath her, but he was sure there was some type of magic at work here as well.

Turning his eyes forward, Vince ran on.



Linking up with his people on the outskirts of the plain, Vince couldn’t help but feel relieved. For a bit there, he really wasn’t quite sure how he’d be getting out of that mess.

Even dropping into a berserk state probably wouldn’t have finished it.

Out of everyone though, Kitch was particularly angry. Her rage at him being attacked, and at being completely unable to assist, knew no bounds.

There was no hiding that everyone was curious about how this had happened though. Quite a few eyes jumped to the squirming sack at Vince’s side.

The rest of the trip was planned to be made swiftly, at a pace that allowed no possibility of being chased, flanked, or ensnared.

Fes, Petra, and Kitch would have no discussion.

Vince was treated more akin to precious cargo than a person.

That didn’t change until Kitch had personally escorted him up to the front door of his manor.

Elysia, Fes, Leila, and Red accompanied him to a quiet room which had once stored all of his “trophies.” Now it held a table, a few chairs, empty display cases, and nothing else.

Opening up the bag with the Fairy in it, Vince dumped the occupant out onto the table.

The bound Fairy flopped onto the table limply.

Vince had done away with the gag the moment he’d linked up with the others. At the time the Fairy had refused to say a word.

With a cursory sweep of her mind Vince had found it was protected and hardened.

Apparently news of his abilities, or abilities like his in general, had been shared. Along with how to defend against it.

I should probably teach my own people how to defend against it, after having encountered it twice myself.

Seating himself at the table Vince stared at the Fairy.

She really was a huge specimen for Fairies.

“I’ll make this very simple, and very straightforward,” Vince said, holding his hands open to the Fairy. “I want information. You have information. I can torture you for it, and you’ll tell me, or you tell me, and we avoid all that unpleasantness.”

The Fairy got herself sitting upright, then turned herself around to face him.

“What do I get out of that?” came a tiny voice.

“I’m really not sure yet, to be honest. I might let you go, I might give you a very swift and clean death. Your alternative is that I pull your wings off. I imagine that can’t be fun, or quick. After that, I’ll start to cut pieces off of you while feeding it to a dog,” Vince said evenly. “I’ll start small. A finger here, a foot there. Eventually you’ll be nothing but a torso. I figure at that point, maybe I let one of my Trolls chew on you for a few hours. Tell them to be sure to take hours to crush you to death.”

The Fairy hung its head and sobbed softly.

Vince let the silence hang over it. Silence was a weapon as much as a blade was. It could cut almost as deeply if given time.

Several minutes later, the Fairy lifted its head.

“We got intel that you’d be leaving the Emperor’s home two months in advance. We began filtering in immediately and lay in wait. There were a hundred and fifty of us at the start.

“We lost some here and there through regular patrols and just being unlucky,” said the tiny Waster. “Then we got word that you were only a day out. We called everyone in and began preparing for an assault. Then we moved to wait at the river crossing.”

“Why the river crossing?” Elysia asked. She and the others had remained silent, hanging back in the darkness.

“We were told that’s the way you’d be going the same day you left,” said the Fairy.

Vince snorted and put his chin in one hand, staring at the prisoner.

“It’s true!” responded the Fairy angrily.

“Oh, I don’t doubt that, actually. I’m wondering more about how much the emperor sold me out for. I admit I’m not exactly a citizen anymore, and that Yosemite isn’t part of his empire, but all the same that’s rather cold,” Vince said.

“The emperor?” Leila asked from behind him.

“He can read minds. Pull information right out of your head,” Vince said, deciding to tell everyone. “I didn’t want to say anything till we made it back home but… yeah, he can read minds. I imagine he read our people’s minds and figured out which way we’d be going on the return trip. Then sent a missive off to our would be killers.”

The Fairy shook her head slowly, frowning. “No. The emperor is your ally. You were there to talk about an alliance.”

Grinning, Vince shook his head. “No. We were there to trade for food so that Yosemite can remain free and self-sustaining. We were admittedly forced to trade in Dwarven forged goods, but that’s the extent of it.”

“No! You lie… you’re a city full of enslaved. Enslaved and used and—”

“Hmph. I think we’ve got our answer,” Vince said, standing up.

The Fairy blinked, staring up at him. “Are you going to kill me now?”

Shaking his head, Vince pulled out a thin leather rope he’d grabbed on the way in.

“No. I’m going to turn you into a pet for now while I think on this,” Vince said. Pushing the Fairy down onto its stomach, he checked the tiny bindings around its wrists.

They were tight and neat. The Fairy’s fingers and hands had no discoloration and were warm to the touch.

No issues.

Looping the thin rope around the Fairy’s waist, he slipped it into her wrist bindings, and then tied it off around her hips.

Taking the other end of the rope, he lashed it into one of his belt loops and then picked up the Fairy and set it down on his shoulder.

Damn thing is so big it takes up my entire shoulder.

“Feel free to fly around, but don’t go too far. And one more thing, what are you? I’ve never seen a Fairy so big.” Vince said, eying the Fairy.

“I’m a Fae, not a Fairy. And my name is Sam,” said the creature, her entirely blue eyes staring at him.

“Sam? That’s an odd one for Wasters. And a Fae to boot, huh? Haven’t met one of you yet. Interesting, interesting,” Vince mumbled under his breath. Turning to face Elysia, Leila, and Red, he smiled. “I don’t want to hold a meeting or anything like that. I’m no merchant prince, but I want to know. Are we in the clear? Did you have time to check in with Felicity?”

Elysia grinned at him and tilted her head to one side. “Yosemite will stand, my liege. We’re well and truly safe. The first shipment from everyone is due to arrive this month, and after that, we’ll be in the clear in actuality rather than on paper.”

Vince sighed and closed his eyes.

A massive weight that had been squatting on his chest vanished, just like that.





Chapter 27



Vince had a solid three weeks of being able to pawn almost everything off on his people.

For his part, Vince was on vacation.

He ate, slept, played with and held his children, relaxed in the grove behind his home, and generally did whatever he wanted.

By the time that things changed, Vince was actually ready to get back into the swing of things.

This change was signaled by a message from Elysia to go to his library. And there a giant map had been spread out on a large table. All of the desks, tables, and chairs had been cleared out to make room for this change. The size of the map was staggering in truth. Equally staggering was the amount of detail on it.

It contained the entire expanse of western North America. From the West all the way to Kansas and a smidgen beyond.

This map was significantly different though than all the ones he’d seen previously. This was a new map. A map drawn and inked by hand.

It had all the cities and towns written in that he knew of, and a massive number he didn’t.

Yosemite was of course listed, the trenches and battle lines of the civil war in the west, Verix, Vegas, Wooden Heart, everything.

Small token figurines were littered around and amongst the locations and landmarks. Vince could only surmise that they represented things that could change.

Ownership, population, supplies, armies. Things of that nature.

“Admiring my handiwork, my liege?” Elysia asked, coming up beside him. One hand rested on her stomach as if she were already well into her pregnancy, even if she didn’t look it.

“I am indeed. It’s rather impressive. I can’t imagine this as anything other than a laborious project,” Vince said with a gesture to the map.

Elysia sighed and nodded her head. “It definitely was that.”

Felicity leaned out from beside Elysia.

“We had scouts and cartographers running everywhere. Since before you left for Verix even,” Felicity explained.

“Oh, that’s… beyond impressive then,” Vince said. Looking over the map again he couldn’t help but feel awed. This wasn’t something that was easily accomplished.

“Why did we decide now was the time to break it out? Your message said to be here, so I assume something has gone awry,” Vince said, directing his attention to the two Elves.

“You’re quite right, my liege. We received this month’s shipments from everyone, except Vegas,” Elysia said, a finger leveled towards what appeared to be a wooden figurine of a mule and cart. It was placed between Vegas and Yosemite.

“Ok. They’re sometimes late, aren’t they?” Vince asked.

“They can be, but this one is not. Survivors of the caravan started to arrive this morning. This was a planned attack. The attackers were all High Elves.” Elysia’s face twisted as she stated the race.

“They used magic in their assault. My liege, there is no doubt as to who is responsible for this. There can be no question about it.”

“Agreed,” Vince said without amusement.

Verix and Yosemite were not on friendly terms. That relationship had only grown more strained when Yosemite’s scouts returned after having encountered a number of deep patrols from Verix. These patrols were well within what someone would consider as the territory of Yosemite.

Especially since there were forts and outlying military encampments beyond even that point.

“In short, Verix is raiding our supplies. Is there any way to send them a missive without risking someone?” Vince asked. Lifting his left hand he rubbed at his jaw and chin.

Elysia frowned as she thought on that.

Ten seconds later and she shook her head. “Not directly, my liege. I have an idea of how to get a missive to them without risk though. I’ll take care of it. What is it you would have it say?”

“Phrase it politely, but just tell them this is the only chance they’ll be given. Further transgressions will be met head on. After you’ve sent it, marshal the army. Leave only the Yosemite garrison and Wooden Heart garrison.

“Get our people outfitted, geared, and mobilized. Once that’s done, send them all to the east. Preferably this would all be done in secret, but that may not be possible.

“We all know what Verix’s response will be to this. Let’s not pretend with our heads in the sand,” Vince said with a shake of his head. “I’ll not start this, but I’ll end it.”

Elysia had turned her head to Felicity as Vince talked. Indicating something in Felicity’s ledger, she gave her attention back to Vince. “Consider it done, my liege. When would you like to hold your first General’s meeting?”

“General’s meeting?” Vince asked.

“You’ll be leading the troops, my liege. You’ll need to address your captains and lay out the strategy,” Elysia said. Her eyebrows were twitching in what he guessed was an effort to prevent them from rising off her face.

“No, I won’t. I’m no general. Petra will lead them. In addition to the missive to Verix, I need two other letters. The first is to be sent to Heint in Vegas. It needs to only say one thing. And that’s, ‘coming early.’

“The second letter will need to be sent over to Mila. Have it sent by the fastest courier we have. Please let her know that I’ll be paying my respects to her soon, and would ask for a meeting to be arranged with her. When you address her in the letter, do so as Duchess of Wooden Heart.

“Finally, summon Petra for me. We’ll get this moving as soon as possible. I’ll wait here,” Vince said, staring at the map. “Thank you, Elysia. Felicity. I appreciate you deeply.”

He was no commander. No leader of the military. He could utilize small unit tactics, conduct guerrilla warfare, train others, and fight. Lead an army though? Far beyond his limited abilities.

Felicity and Elysia both left, presumably to handle his orders.

When Petra did arrive, she was alone.

Looking up from the map, Vince smiled at his soldier-ant.

“Petra, you look lovely as ever,” he said.

Smiling, Petra’s face started to turn a pale red.

“This one appreciates her master’s compliment. She wonders if she’ll ever get used to receiving them though,” Petra said, her eyes flicking to the map and then back to him.

Gesturing to the table, Vince sighed.

“Well, on to something that you’ll handle better than compliments. And handle it better than I could, that’s for sure. I’m thinking we’re going to end up in a campaign against Verix. They’ve been sending scouts across our border, and they attacked one of our supply caravans,” Vince said simply.

“This one would agree, this sounds like a preamble to war,” Petra said, her eyes scanning the map now. “What is the current situation?”

“I’ve asked Elysia to get the army up and running, then send them east. At the same time, we’re sending Verix a note to knock it the hell off. I’m betting they’ll ignore it and continue. Beyond that, I don’t have an idea on how to win this. I’m no general, and I’ve never fought in a war. But you, my beautiful little soldier, have. I need your help.”

Petra’s lips narrowed but she nodded her head. “This one wasn’t an officer, but she knows what tactics worked and what didn’t. She will win this war for her husband.”

“Great. You pull this off and you can consider me in your debt for quite a while,” Vince said with a soft sigh. He felt better already. He believed in Petra. “I do have a few needs of you though.”

Petra nodded her head again, still studying the layout.

“I need you to capture Verix intact. Preferably without a siege and wasting their supplies. I doubt it needs to be said, but I’d like to avoid casualties as much as possible. For both sides.”

“This one… understands. It’ll complicate matters for her severely, but she believes she can do this. This one would ask her master, does he ask this so he can take Verix for his own?” Petra asked, her head finally angling back his way.

“Yeah, that’s pretty much it. They’re going to fall in line. I’d rather preserve as much of them as I can as this goes down. Less to build back up afterward. On top of that, we need to launch a secondary attack,” Vince said. With his maimed left hand he indicated Vegas.

“As you know, I have a deal with Vegas. Heint, really. We’re going to take over the entire city, and he’s going to swear his allegiance to me. On top of winning a war with Verix, I need you to put together an assault task force that can sweep Vegas clear of opposition. That being the city guard, really.”

Petra’s frown turned into a scowl.

“Master, this… this is going to be… this one wants to succeed, if only to please you. But she is afraid this cannot be done,” Petra said.

“Alright. What if I put out a call to hire mercenaries? You tell me the number you need to make it happen, and we’ll hire that number. We might get lucky and get both mercs from both the west and the Wastes. Would that work?” Vince asked.

Petra bobbed her head from side to side as she considered. “Yes. This one could make that work. She would need at least a thousand mercenaries, more if possible.”

“Great, I’ll get that taken care of. Alright, I’ll leave you to it, Petra. I love you, and thank you. This isn’t something I could do, and I can only admit ignorance,” Vince said with a smile.

Petra snorted at that and then leaned in swiftly, kissing him. “This one will collect a forward on your debt. Right now. Her night is not for a few days yet.”

The soldier-ant grabbed him by the shoulders and lifted him easily with her front two ant legs. Vince didn’t fight at all as he was carried out of the library.



“Sweetling,” Meliae said from Vince’s side.

“Mm?”

“What do you plan on doing with our Dryad children? They can’t remain… and based on the treaty with mother, they can’t really go to Wooden Heart either,” Meliae continued.

Vince gazed out on the plains to the east of Yosemite. Covering the entirety of it was his army, the support teams, and all manner of equipment.

“Actually, the answer to that is rather simple. What makes Yosemite unique?” Vince asked, watching as a company of Orcs and Dwarves checked each other’s equipment.

Deskil was on hand as his work was being loaded and sorted.

Meliae made a questioning noise. Several seconds later she shook her head. “I’m not sure, honestly. I know there are cities up in the northwest where there are no racial divides, so it’s not that.”

“No. It’s not that. It’s our Dryads,” Vince said. Grinning he looked to his lovely Dryad wife. “The Dryads of Yosemite make it unique. Name any other city that actually has a thriving Dryad population. My understanding is they tend to destabilize. A grove doesn’t want to be part of a city, and cities don’t spring up around Dryads. We did.”

Meliae chewed at her lower lip prettily, her eyes boring into his own. “Dryads?”

“Your mother holds the gates. All Dryads must enter and pass through her. Their offspring will pass to me, which I’ll keep hold of, and add to Yosemite. The Dryads born from our grove will begin groves of their own, in all the major cities of our kingdom. The size of the city dictating how many Dryads they receive.”

Meliae’s brows pressed into each other for another second before she laughed softly.

“You would have your daughters acting as the glue that holds everyone to the kingdom. And as sisters, they’re all family to one another. They would all share the same father, the lord of Yosemite. Binding them back to the ruling line,” Meliae said with a hint of amusement.

Vince nodded his head and smiled. “As I said. Kinda simple. It’ll work out I think though. It’ll become a validation. If your city is large enough to be sent a Dryad of the royal line,” Vince said. “The problem doesn’t end with that though. What happens when I die? Who holds the crown of the kingdom of Yosemite?”

Meliae laughed at that and pressed a warm hand to Vince’s back. “Well, we’ll just have to make sure to keep you out of harm’s way since you’re immortal at this point. And should the worst happen… I would say the best course of action would be to have a clear line of succession. Both for the royal line, and the Dryad line.”

“A wise idea. You should listen, my liege,” Elysia said, flipping her ledger closed. “As far as I can tell, everything is prepared to the best of my ability. I regret I’ll not be going with you. My sisters feel the same.”

“Don’t complain to me, I’m not the grove mother,” Vince said with a snicker. “Blue, Green, Daphne, Karya and the grove mother herself will be here as well, so it’s not like you’ll be alone.”

Meliae’s pout at the use of her title, and the reminder that she’d be remaining here, were the herald of complaints.

The pounding of boots on stone echoed dully from behind. Looking over his shoulder, Vince saw a messenger in a military uniform heading his way.

“I don’t think we’re expecting any correspondence today. Only thing on my own agenda is to get ready to head over to Wooden Heart tomorrow,” Vince murmured to himself. “Elysia?”

“Nothing expected, my liege.”

Frowning, Vince could only wait.

“Dispatch from Wooden Heart, Lord,” said the helmeted soldier.

Taking the letter with a raised brow, Vince thumbed it open and began to read.



Dear Son-in-law,



I accept the title, and swear allegiance to my Lord in Yosemite. I do this unconditionally and trust in your leadership to do what is best for our new nation.



Best of luck in the coming days, son-in-law. Come back safely.



Duchess of Wooden Heart



P.S. Send someone over with my grandchildren!



Snickering to himself, Vince held the letter out to Meliae. “It would seem I have my first noble vassal. Get a trip together to go visit your mother with the children, Meliae. And it sounds like you’ll need to get to work on heraldry and a charter for the kingdom, Elysia.”

“Already long since done, my liege. I’ll have it prepared for your return. I’ll need to let Felicity know since she’ll be going with you,” Elysia said, opening her ledger again.

“I’m going to go get a status report from my captains and general. After that, I think it’ll be time to go,” Vince said. “I’ll see you both at dinner tonight.”

Vince ducked his head to the women and set off at a quick pace for the camp.

With Mila and the Wooden Heart grove being settled, his timetable would need to move up a few days. Which was perfectly fine with him.

Entering the temporary military camp, Vince headed for the center.

Petra had taken charge immediately and set up a military doctrine and expectation of the soldiers. The change was visible overnight. Everyone had been well ordered and working for the cause previously, but now it was a machine.

A hungry machine of lean efficiency and terrible resolve.

Petra was standing in front of a table that had been set down. Her fingers were following something across what he could only assume was a smaller version of the map they’d left in Yosemite.

“Ho there, general,” Vince said with a bit of volume. He wanted everyone to be reminded that Petra was not only a general in name, but in truth.

Petra’s head snapped to one side, her eyes locking on him. Then a smile lit her face in the same way a flower would open its petals and bloom.

“Fes, Master is here,” Petra called, standing up straight.

From around a corner of the central tent came a grunt.

Seconds later, Fes, Red, Leila, and Ramona came into view.

Petra had wasted no time in waiting though. She’d closed the distance on Vince and smothered in him a rough hug and several quick kisses.

Fes laughed at the sight and eased Petra back to claim her own hug from Vince.

“I wanted to come and let you all know there’s been a change,” Vince said, stealing a kiss from Fes. “Wooden Heart has agreed to become our vassal unconditionally. We’ll be free to depart whenever you feel the army is ready to go. Admittedly we haven’t heard from Verix, but I don’t think we will.”

Fes grunted at that and slid an arm around Vince’s waist and drew him up against her side. “I agree, husband. They’ll not respond. Their response will be when they strike the next caravan. We’ll be ready though. My second has already set up a plan for it.”

Vince was surprised at that. “Oh?”

Petra nodded her head confidently. “Based on their previous disposition, tactics, and chosen location, as well as the route our caravan will take, this one believes she’s narrowed it down to two locations.”

Leaning over to the table she indicated two small stone markers.

“They’ll hit here, where it bends, or this portion of the road where there is no cover. Both these locations occur after the point that they attacked last time. Both of these attacks will more than likely occur just before dark falls.

“This is what this one would do, so she believes that’s what they’ll do. Worst case scenario, the army will be in the field and no one to fight.”

Vince could only shrug his shoulders. “I’ll trust in you, Petra. I really don’t have any idea about tactics on this scale. I’ll be relying on you completely.”

Red came in close to him, getting his attention. “Red acquired a volunteer Dryad to take Green’s place for this trip. Red will bring her around tonight to introduce you to her. She will be collecting Red’s meals. If she does well, Red will consider using her as a secondary. Red will go back to Green one when we return though. She worked hard for Red.”

Vince could only blink several times and hope that someone would change the subject relatively soon.

Hopefully.





Chapter 28



As a whole, the army of Yosemite moved swiftly. The lead elements screened and scouted, finding several Verix patrols. Utilizing Ratkin and Fairies, not a single scout or patrol of Verix’s was missed. And for each one they encountered, they were all captured or killed.

Those captured were processed in the field, and sent under guard to the Dryad minders who had come with Vince to get anything else out of them that they knew.

Yosemite’s soldiers were fearless and without equal. To them, soldiery was a profession, and they’d been drilling, training, and living as soldiers since joining.

Life was being a soldier to them.

Utilizing every racial aspect of their diverse army to their advantage, Yosemite swept eastward without anyone being the wiser.

Small villages, towns, and even minor cities were encountered along the way.

They went so far as to send people out to settlements out of the path of the army as well.

Elysia’s map had quite a number listed out and detailed.

In hidden valleys and small out of the way places life teemed. Some were even living broadly and openly.

A number of settlements were discovered that weren’t even on the map as well.

Each location was given a formal request to join Yosemite by a team of several military squads and envoys. The leaders of those places were handed a declaration of intent to occupy and maintain, and a book of laws to abide by. Everything that would be provided by Yosemite was included, as well as everything that was expected of them as a vassal.

In every case, whether Human or Waster, those visited expressed shock at their visitors. Felicity had made sure that first contact with these individuals were made by an extremely diverse group of races.

Most accepted the terms without a word. They were generous and offered as much as they expected.

Those who declined were then forced to leave at sword point and magical threat. They were made to leave their homes and head east, out of Yosemite’s territory. Leadership changed overnight in those places, and suddenly they were willing to join Yosemite.

A few resisted with violence. Every fighter was killed to the last, and their citizens were exiled with only what they could carry. It was unfortunate, but examples had to be made.

Everything left behind was packed up, and redistributed to the places who had agreed willingly.

News spread, and the number who said yes at the outset rose significantly.

Vince looked up from the most recent report Felicity had provided him. Running his fingers through his hair he couldn’t help but feel strange.

Petra had cut it for him the other day, and it still felt too different to him.

“Felicity, I know we were expecting all of this to a degree, but this… we’re going to need to make a huge investment into infrastructure,” Vince said.

“Yes, my lord. We’ll need to begin road building immediately. I’ve already prepared a missive for you. All you need to do is sign it. The plan I laid out should bring a maximum number of settlements in—”

“No,” Vince interrupted her, holding up his hands with a grin. “No need to explain. I trust you. Just remember that we need to connect Vegas, Verix, Yosemite, and Wooden Heart. Trade and military movement will be key. We’ll also need to put in checkpoints, garrisons, and probably a few military forts. It’ll be a while before we have a steady border that we can defend.”

Felicity stared at him, and then smiled. “Yes, my lord. I’ve already planned for all of that.”

Vince laughed and then set his hands down. “See? You don’t need me. You and Elysia can run it all for me.”

Shaking her head, the Dark Elf frowned with a touch of anger. “No, my lord. None of this would be possible without you.”

Light splashed over everything as the tent flap opened and closed.

“She is right. Though you are right as well. Claim her as yours, husband. Of her family, only she was someone Elysia would take on,” Fes said. She walked over to him, dressed in her battle gear and outfitted for a fight. Leaning down she pressed a firm kiss to his lips.

“Fes, seriously? I can’t try to wed and bed every single woman we come across who’s talented. And I don’t disagree with you, Felicity is definitely talented,” Vince said. He seriously was starting to get aggravated with how often Fes told him to claim someone.

“Why not? You’ll outlive a number of us. I’ll grow old and die, as will Petra. You’ll need new wives to fill our places. Felicity is young, beautiful, intelligent, and would say yes to you. She’s also going to end up being nearly immortal if you fill her with magic.

“The more immortal wives you have, the less you’ll suffer,” Fes said. Sitting down next to him, she faced Felicity and nodded her head to her. “And I don’t wish for you to suffer.”

Felicity for her part blushed heavily. It went from her neck all the way to the tips of her ears.

“Fes!” hissed the Dark Elf, her fingers clenched into one another.

“What? You would, Felicity. And since we’re on the subject, husband. You should also claim Ramona, Red, Blue, Green, and Leila. Red is already bound to you, so just do it. Blue and Green as well need only a formal confirmation as wives.

“Leila is in your debt and you could force the issue with her. Same with Ramona. You can take it slowly with them if you prefer as well. They will all be immortal if you were to use your magic. Though the Dragonnewt I’m not completely sure on,” the Orc said without mercy or care for the situation. She was making these suggestions without a worry for the implications.

“Fes, for fuck’s sake. Really? Are you listening to yourself? I’m already—”

“You will do this, husband. I will not relent. You can say no as long as you like, but it will not deter me. As we find new women, I will add them to my list. This is how we will make our clan strong. Do not fear that they will quarrel, I will guide them.

“Should I fall, Petra knows what she needs to do. If not her, then Meliae. Do not fear, you will always have a Fes,” Fes said with finality.

Are you fucking kidding me?

The tent flapped open again before Vince could try and continue the conversation. Petra strode in, helmet under her arm. “Ah, Husband. This one is pleased to see you.”

Petra came over with a bright smile and hugged him tightly from behind.

It was strange to see her in her armor again. She’d gone for months without wearing a scrap of it.

“This one must report that we’ve made contact with our caravan. They will be coming through in the next day or two. We’ve also caught sight of our foe. They are lying in wait near to where this one assumed they would attack.”

“Right,” Vince said, his mind trying to jump mental tracks. “Right, ok. Are their numbers enough to take the caravan?”

“Yes they are, master. Their answer is clear. We can’t afford to lose this caravan,” Petra said.

“Alright. Make your plans then, General. I leave it to you.”

And so Yosemite goes to war.



Peering out from the foliage Vince did a quick count.

Easing back from his vantage point he crawled backwards. Creeping across the ground like a mouse he made it back to his commando squad.

Fes hated Vince’s role in the plan. As did Petra herself even though she was the one who put it into action.

She’d determined that they needed a group of people who would be operating in Verix’s backfield.

They were there to provide information, disrupt the enemy, and take out targets of opportunity.

With him were Ramona, Red, and Leila.

“Fourteen,” Vince whispered. “Four officers, ten guards.”

Red blinked her darkened eyes. “Red would like to wait for them to split up. Prey is easier when alone.”

Ramona wrinkled her nose and shifted her weight around. It was clear to anyone she wanted to simply dive in and start fighting.

Leila frowned and pressed a hand to her mouth, lost in thought.

I wish Daphne or Blue were here.

Not for the first time, Vince regretted not having one of his combat oriented Dryads with him. They’d be able to use the environment to their advantage and make this considerably easier.

Blue had been training determinedly with Thera and Eva to get up to their level.

“Leila,” Vince said, getting the Gnome’s attention. “Can I store magic in you like I do the Elves? Would it let you use more spells?”

Leila’s eyes unfocused for a second. She started to shake her head and then stopped.

“I don’t know. We can’t meditate like they do, but we channel magic from ourselves. Our life expectancy fluctuates all over the board. I don’t know. Maybe?” she said, letting her hand drop.

“Can I try? I think this’ll come down to how many you can drop at the start. Red, Ramona, and myself can handle a number by ourselves. But every one we don’t have to worry about makes it that much easier,” Vince said. “On top of that, it’d be even better if you could incapacitate the leaders. We can handle the guards.”

“I… I… alright. Just be ready to stop,” Leila agreed.

Vince didn’t waste any time and laid his hand on Leila’s collarbone. Pushing outward from the grove inside of himself, he channeled his energy into her.

Leila’s eyes dilated in under a second, her already large eyes seeming bigger.

Slowly, Vince increased the flow of power into her when it was apparent she didn’t have any problems.

She wasn’t in distress. Didn’t appear to be hurting

A minute in and he was unloading everything he could into her. Not more than two minutes after that and the grove cut him off.

Still haven’t gotten anywhere near the power surplus I used to have.

Vince pulled his hand off the Gnome and waited. She looked dazed. She was breathing, but her eyes were wide open. Lost.

Drunk.

In the time it took for him to take two breaths, Leila started to come around again though. Her eyes started to return to normal.

Then she blinked and slowly looked around herself. “Huh?”

Vince tried to be patient. Sitting this close to the enemy while Leila went off on a trip wasn’t that fantastic an idea.

Holding a finger to his lips, Vince reached out and grabbed her shoulder carefully.

She was soft under her robe. Her muscles and skin unaccustomed to work and labor. Even Meliae was far more fit than Leila.

It wasn’t that she was overweight in any way, she just didn’t have any muscle to her.

“Oh. Oh. Yes. S-sorry. I… everything is glowing. It feels as if I slept for days,” Leila said a touch dreamily.

“Ok? Can you handle the officers? Incapacitate them so we don’t have to deal with them?” Vince asked.

“Yes. Yes, I can,” Leila said, nodding.

“Great. Ramona, Red, in position with me. When the whole thing goes down, we’re on those guards. Try to be quiet if possible,” Vince instructed.

Red and Ramona said nothing, but did nod their heads.

Moving back into the brush, Vince slid to his stomach, and began working his way back into position to watch.

Watching the officers, Vince could only hope his choice of targets was the right one. Anything he could do to disrupt their response to being counterattacked would help.

Taking out a piece of their leadership, doubly so.

They waited there in the bush quietly as the caravan came ever closer. There was no guarantee when Verix’s people would attack, but Vince wasn’t going to give them an option.

Even if they decided not to attack this caravan, the fact was they were still here. They were sending patrols into Yosemite territory.

That wasn’t what a friendly neighbor would do.

That’s what an enemy does that hasn’t declared war yet.

There were cries from up ahead. The shouts and screams broke Vince from his thoughts.

Ahead, the officers were waiting, staring into the dense brush ahead of them. Their guards were idling around them, intent on the surroundings.

Then the explosion of guns, magic, and weapons went up in volume.

Petra’s counterattack.

Now the guards got to their feet and rushed over to peer into the brush as well. Trying to get a glimpse of what was going on.

Not wasting the chance, Vince got to a knee and slid out of the bush. Keeping himself low and quiet he closed in on the officers.

Almost the same moment he was within range of them, purple flaming rope encircled them.

As one, they collapsed.

Leaping over the incapacitated officers, Vince stabbed out with his saber. The tip went up under the armor of the guard on the right, probably piercing his kidney and liver.

Pulling his blade back, he flicked it upwards towards the Elf on the left who was already turning around. The saber smashed into the man’s throat and jaw and lodged there.

The two guards on Vince’s left and the two on the right were turning to see what was going on.

Red crashed into one, carrying him into the brush.

Ramona simply walked up and clawed at the closest soldiers. Her brute force crumpled one Elf’s face, and broke the arm of a second.

Three Elves converged on Vince and quickly began to try to maneuver him into a position where they could attack at the same time. Behind him, Ramona held two at bay.

Flashing out of the side of his vision, Red came again. She slammed into an Elven woman and took her to the ground. Her clawed fingers came out and she neatly carved the woman’s throat out.

Pushing off the dying guard, Red launched herself at one of Ramona’s attackers.

Stunned by what had happened, the two guards facing Vince hesitated.

A tight beam of slimy gray light connected with the temple of one of them. That man dropped like he’d been struck by a club.

Except that the hole the beam made was growing as if it were feasting on his body.

Moving forward, Vince caught the last guard’s blade with his own. Pushing it to the side, he threw her off balance. Then he slammed his pommel into her face. The sound of her nose, and probably her cheekbone, shattering was audible.

Shrieking, the woman collapsed to her knees, her hands coming up to her face. Taking a firmer hold on his saber, Vince brought the pommel down on her skull.

Her shriek cut off sharply and she flopped to the ground, blood flowing from her nose.

Spinning on his heel to find out what remained Vince was shocked. He found Ramona holding an Elf up by his neck, her cold blue eyes staring into his face.

With a flick of her wrist, she crushed his windpipe and then dropped him to the ground.

And I took that on in a brawl?

The fight was over.

Grabbing two of the officers he nodded at the others. “Grab the survivors, let’s get them pulled out and ready for transport.”

Dragging his prize off, Vince felt like he’d contributed, rather than sat in the back.

Thank god for being useful. I think I’d go crazy waiting in the rear with the gear. King of Yosemite indeed.

Vince could only grin at the thought.



An hour after they’d secured their “loot,” someone set off the signal to return to base. Vince was walking up to Petra as she received reports from her people a short while later.

Fes noticed him first and gave him a head bob, returning to whatever was being discussed.

The Dryad who Red had procured bounced up to him. She was a curvy thing that was Meliae’s equal. In fact she might be superior to her in that made for sex build that Dryads favored. She had rich dark brown curls that fell to her shoulders and dark green eyes.

She had an expressive face and full lips. Her body was an hour glass and exuded a sexual predatory grace.

I wonder if that’s why Red picked her.

The Dryad gave him a smile and gestured to his floating captives. Rather than carry them here, they’d dropped them on one of Leila’s air cushions.

“I’ll take those from you,” murmured the bubbly Dryad.

“Thanks,” Vince said. He was happy to hand them over to someone else, he would rather find out what was going on.

“Red sees you, Mouth. When this settles down, Red will want dinner. You will come and get it,” Red said to the Dryad she’d named “Mouth.”

“Yes, mistress,” whispered Mouth, her eyes flashing as she took ownership over the prisoners.

Vince snorted and waited nearby for Petra to finish whatever it was she was doing. He could wait, and he did want the answers.

It only took another minute, probably spurred on when she realized he was waiting, and she finished her impromptu meeting.

“This one reports that her forces are victorious. We suffered very minor casualties, the caravan is completely intact, and the enemy force was killed or captured almost to a man. Their entire supply dump is also ours, and it contained more than we lost in the caravan. This one hopes her master is pleased with her work,” Petra said, gliding up to him.

“Oh, master is very pleased with your work. So much so, that he’s going to make sure he shows his appreciation to you very soon. Personally. Repeatedly. It’s likely you’ll be with another child after all the attention even if a Dryad tries to stop it,” Vince said, grinning up at the tall soldier ant.

Petra blushed prettily and looked around. Red, Ramona, and Fes were staring back at her.

“This one… she… this one is happy to accept.”

“Good. Now, let’s go get some dinner while the Dryads pry open secrets and plans,” Vince said with a smirk.

Nearly at the same moment, a runner came in with a sealed dispatch case.

Petra turned and held her hand open to the man.

“Sorry, general, this is for Lord Vince,” the courier said.

Depositing the scroll case into Vince’s hand the man bowed and took several steps backwards.

Vince turned the top of the case and cracked the wax seal. Upending it, a parchment slid out.

Pulling it free, Vince opened it and read.



Lord Vince,



An army of the Tri-lliance comes from the south. First reports indicate that it’s at least several thousand foot soldiers strong.



I do not know why, but I suspect they will eventually plan to move north with it.



They should arrive in the next month and a half. Much faster than we originally were expecting.



Our plan would be much more incredibly difficult if we are not able to hold the city before the army arrives.



Duke Heint of Vegas



“Of course they sent an army. Because we didn’t expect that kind of a push so early,” Vince said softly. “General, we’ll need to accelerate the time table to capture Vegas. We’ll also need to prepare to push back an army of several thousand foot soldiers.”

“This one will make it so,” Petra said, then headed off in another direction.

“Such is the way of things. I never seem to catch a break,” Vince muttered, folding the letter.





Chapter 29



Heading south with an army of Frit’s people and mercenaries a thousand strong, there was no hiding their movements. Instead, they sought to out-pace any news that could be sent in any direction.

Or at least keep up with it.

As the leader of this expedition, Vince kept his people to the open fields and plains. They’d be able to move quickly through them and be able to keep themselves free of more traditional ambush locations. Going along with him from his inner circle were Felicity, Red, Leila, Ramona, and Fes.

Petra would advance into the east and set up fortifications to the west of Verix and begin the unenviable task of starting a war. She’d have to do what she could to achieve victory without troops she’d originally been counting on.

While it was only a thousand troops, it was still a thousand troops. And their loss would be felt.

To Vince that was a distant concern. For his own worries had to do with conquering a city, then holding it against a superior force.

Three times his size. At the minimum.

Unable to shake the feeling of stepping into a massive catastrophe, all Vince could do was plow onward. It was the only thing he could really do without having to worry about making things worse.

The march was swift and uneventful. They made it to the point that they were only a few hours walk from the city.

From here, it became a much different worry.

Looking at Sam, Vince felt annoyed with that new worry.

She was glaring at him from under her brows with her arms folded under her chest. The Fae was sitting on what had once been a rather large tree. A message the size of one of her legs was resting against her side.

“I’ve told you. I’ll abide by your orders. I have no reason to try and flee. After the fourth interrogation, even I had to admit there was something wrong with the information we got,” she said darkly.

Vince huffed and then looked away.

She’s not exactly wrong.

The more time they spent questioning her about the ambush, the more everyone realized something was very strange with it. Everyone that Sam knew of was more or less a cut out. Those who were assembled and used had been fervent in their beliefs and there was no room for doubt or questions.

Their instructions were terse and without room for interpretation.

It all smacked of a covert ops, within a covert ops.

The emperor sold me out, there’s no doubt of that. To who though, is the real question.

Vince bit back a retort to the Fae and instead unclipped her from his belt. Whenever he took her out of her cage, she remained clipped to his belt for safe keeping.

This was the first time she’d been unclipped and free of her confinement.

It was her chance to prove herself. At least to Vince.

He’d never been able to get into her mind. Not without being willing to tear it asunder at least. Someone had taught her shielding and he’d not be the one to reveal he knew it.

It’d give himself away.

“Alright. Take the message to Heint. Be as swift as you’re able and get back here,” Vince said. Dropping the harness and leash to the grass he felt like he was making a mistake. “Consider this your introductory mission.”

Sam’s face brightened and she hopped up to her feet.

Her stature and size made it possible to give her such a message to take to Heint. She could also still slip by most defenses without being seen even with that added size.

“I won’t fail you, Vince!” chirped the Fae. She grabbed the message container and flew off as if she were a shooting star.

Beside him, Fes watched the messenger speed off.

“I don’t think she’ll betray us, husband,” Fes said finally. “I think once she saw Yosemite, her mind was affirmed with how wrong everything she’d been told was.”

“So we hope,” Vince said. He shook his head with a frown. “Guess we’ll find out. Everyone else crashed out?”

“Mm. Yes. Was a long day marching. Everyone is asleep. Red seemed like she was torn between catching dinner or sleeping,” Fes said with a lopsided grin.

“Oh? I’m surprised she went to sleep then. She usually elects to eat whenever it comes up,” Vince said. Rubbing at his jaw he watched as Sam became a speck, then vanished.

“She fell asleep while she was debating,” Fes said with a snicker.

“Ah, that would do it I suppose,” Vince said as he turned around.

Wandering off for his tent, Vince wondered how it would go with Sam and her message.

Entering his military standard issue abode he looked around quickly. Everything was as it should be. It was a standard issue item that the military used for its soldiers. It would accommodate three.

Four if it had to.

So it felt absolutely spacious with just himself and Fes in it.

“Husband,” Fes said from the entryway.

Vince looked up to his Fes and grinned. “Yes, wife Berenga? My Fes?”

She hesitated, then visibly deflated. “I am not with child. In fact, it is now my time of the month.”

“Ah, ok? That’s fine. We’ve talked about this. I love Berest just as much as if she were a boy. We don’t have to rush into another. I mean damn, do you not know how many children I’m going to have by next year?”

Fes still looked troubled despite what he said.

“If I can’t perform my duty, I would normally rely on others. There is no one else,” Fes said with a growl to her voice.

“Alright? It’s not a big deal. I don’t need to have companionship every night, Fes.”

“No. That isn’t right for one of your position. It isn’t—” Fes stopped, her words stuck.

Maybe she finally realized I’m just a man and I don’t need to be treated the way she does? Maybe? Hopefully?

Fes whirled around and vanished into the gloom of the night.

Ok, then.

Vince lay down in his bedroll without undressing from his armor.

Military camp had its own life, and Vince wouldn’t be the first or last person to sleep in their gear.

Before Vince could settle in and start towards sleep, Fes came back.

And she wasn’t alone.

She had Mouth with her.

Dragging the Dryad into the tent by an arm, Fes paused long enough to close up the flaps. Then she gave Mouth a push towards Vince.

“The Dryad will service you,” Fes said. Getting down next to Mouth she unbuckled Vince’s belt, unzipped his fly, and pulled him free in under five seconds. She held his length carefully in her right hand and paused.

Long since used to this type of insanity, Vince lay there and decided to enjoy it.

“Mistress, I—” Mouth started.

Fes reached up and grabbed a fistful of Mouth’s hair and pulled her down into Vince’s crotch. Using her right hand she guided his only now hardening shaft into Mouth’s mouth.

The Dryad grunted at the abuse as her mouth was filled with his length. Then she began too suck gently on it, bobbing her head expertly.

Fes didn’t release her hair, and instead she watched the Dryad work. Keeping her under control if she did anything the Orc didn’t like.

After fetching Red’s meals once or twice a day, Mouth knew what Vince wanted. What he liked.

Pressing her full lips tightly to his member she bobbed her head smoothly. She pulled at him and rolled her tongue all along the underside of his girth.

Mouth’s fingertips gently played along his inner thighs and the sides of his balls.

He stiffened to full attention around the same time she started to work him down her throat.

Then Fes yanked Mouth by her hair.

Pulling her free of Vince she pushed Mouth down onto her back. Reaching down with her right hand she pulled Mouth’s dress up over her hips. Using a finger she hooked Mouth’s undergarments and ripped them free with the sound of tearing cloth.

Using her superior strength, Fes then flipped Mouth over onto her stomach. Forcing her to bend to her will, Fes had her positioned on her hands and knees. She only had to pat Mouth on the rear end once for Mouth to lift it higher up.

Making her ready to receive Vince.

“Mistress! If—” Mouth tried to talk again. Fes pressed her hand to Mouth’s mouth, silencing her. With her other hand she pressed down onto Mouth’s shoulders, pinning her in place.

“Here, husband, use the Dryad. This is what her role is,” Fes said, staring at Vince.

I don’t even understand anymore.

It only took a second, but he slipped into Mouth’s mind.

Luckily, she wasn’t guarding herself. He found what he wanted to know immediately.

Mouth was exactly like Meliae. She liked being used, forced, abused, and shamed.

Maybe even more so. Meliae seemed to have a progression to what she wanted.

What he got from Mouth was… she was willing to do anything for him in front of anyone at any time at his command.

She was so into all of this, being used like an item, that her heart was racing. It was very similar to how Red used her but worse.

If he had to guess, he’d be betting on her eyes glowing like the sun.

Shifting over, Vince got behind Mouth. Lifting himself up, he guided the tip into her soft entrance, and then pushed into her.

Mouth shuddered in pleasure as he did so.

Fes took it differently though, and moved her hand down a bit to press into the middle of Mouth’s back. With the amount of pressure she was exerting, Mouth’s rear end was forced higher up because of Vince mounting her.

It took what little mobility she had away.

Vince put his hands to Mouth’s hips and started to take her firmly. Thrusting into her.

She was slick and tight inside, her moist interior squeezing at him as if to crush him.

Gripping tightly onto her soft flesh, Vince settled into a good pace quickly. Making sure to pull all the way out to the tip only to ram it into her as deeply as he could. Then grind himself into her to make sure he put it all in.

Mouth couldn’t help herself and tried to push back into him as he thrust into her.

Fes seemed lost in her thoughts. As if on autopilot, she kept Mouth pressed to the floor, and quiet.

Leaning over, he kissed Fes as he began to pound into Mouth violently.

Surprised, Fes kissed him back eagerly.

Unable to help himself, and desperately wanting the release, Vince rode Mouth hard. Hard as if he wanted to break her spine in half with the strength of his lovemaking.

The slapping crack of the flesh of her ass taking the beating was loud.

Very loud.

Hiccupping moans came from Mouth, her breathing ragged and lost against Fes’ hand.

Each thrust cut those breathy moans short and she hiccupped again.

Vince came suddenly as he pushed his tongue into Fes’ mouth. Driving himself deep and hard pressed to Mouth’s slit.

His seed started to spurt out hot and thick into her.

Mouth’s knees began to shake under the force of his weight as he pummeled her insides.

Unable to catch his breath, he broke the kiss with Fes as he continued to pound away at the Dryad under him.

He was so lost in his climax that he only wanted to bury Mouth headfirst in the ground.

Mouth squirmed under his weight and Fes’ hands, her hips bucking up against his lap.

Suddenly, she shook like a leaf in the wind, her knees giving way underneath her and almost sliding flat to the ground. She recovered barely and lifted her rear up as he pushed back into her.

Surprisingly, Mouth let out sharp barking moans as she squirted beneath him. The force of his thrusting hips making the stream come out in squirts and spits

Moaning into Fes’ hand, Mouth continued to quiver and shake as Vince ravished her.

As hard as it came on, his climax began to finally fade. With a final pulse of his shaft, he finished filling Mouth up. Then he leaned over and kissed Fes again.

“Husband,” Fes said with a grin as he pulled back afterward. “That was… different. I believe we’ll be using this Dryad, Mouth is her nickname I believe, more regularly.”

Well that was certainly fun and interesting.

Vince patted the Dryad on the rear end and smiled back at Fes.

Mouth seemed happy, and remained prostrated. Quivering and moving her knees underneath her to slowly lift her hips up again into his lap. Pushing him deeper.

She was pinned at her shoulders by Fes and her rear by Vince, and with a touch of his gift to her mind, he realized she wanted to be nowhere else.

Nymph.



Sam came tumbling through the morning light towards him. In her arms was the same case she left with.

On her return though she was visibly bloodied and looked to have been attacked.

She crashed bodily into Vince who caught her after she rebounded off his chest. The Fae closed her eyes and lay still in his arms, breathing heavily.

“Mouth, how’s your healing?” Vince said, cradling the Fae in his arms.

“Sufficient,” said the Dryad.

“Work on her,” Vince commanded. When the Dryad laid her hand on the Fae Vince channeled his own power into the Fae to assist.

“Sam,” Vince said softly. “What happened?”

The Fae opened her eyes and looked up at him. The energy that Mouth was pushing into her was helping. Her skin was turning a natural color and it looked as if her eyes were clearing up.

“Duke Heint was happy and eager to see me. It was departing that became the problem. A number of Lizardmen were waiting for me. They threw anything and everything they could. I was hit by a few rocks,” Sam explained. “They know we’re here and I believe they’re expecting us to do something.”

“That makes sense. Thank you for your service,” Vince said with a smile. Being as gentle as he could, he passed the Fae to Mouth and took the messenger case from her arms.

Twisting it, he popped it open and shook out the message inside. Thumbing it open he read through it.



Lord Vince,



I’m glad to have you honor your word and arrive.



The gates will be thrown open tonight. Please be swift and prudent as soon as they do.



I would caution you to leave no Lizardman alive, as they’re all loyal to their clan first.



Everyone else should be spared.



Yours in service,



Duke Heint



“Well. That’s more or less what we suspected,” Vince murmured. He handed the slip to Fes.

Ramona, Red, Felicity, and Leila stood nearby.

“The gates will be open tonight. He suggests we kill every Lizardman we come across. I see no reason to disagree. Ramona?” Vince asked.

The Dragonnewt lifted a hand and fingered the sharp tip of a horn as she thought. After a few moments she nodded her head. “It’s the best course of action. They’ll be loyal to their family clan before the city or Heint. And they’re the backbone of the Tri-lliance.”

Red shrugged her shoulders and then pushed her hip into Vince.

Interpreting that as her demanding attention, he diligently began scratching her above her tail.

“Red will kill who you tell her to. Red doesn’t care.”

Leila eyed the two of them and then sighed. “Power me up and tell me what you need. I’ll do it. As for exterminating every Lizardman in the city, it’s probably not a bad idea as far as power struggles go.”

All eyes turned to Felicity as it was clearly a round table type of discussion.

The woman held her ledger up to cover her face, her eyes widening as she looked around herself.

“I-I-I’m just here to replace Elysia. I don’t think—” she started.

“Tell me what you think, not what you don’t think,” Vince interrupted. Giving Red a swat on the side he then began rubbing the base of her ears.

“I think Heint wants you to take care of a problem he probably can’t solve. He can also foist the blame on you afterward,” Felicity said.

“Huh. That’s not wrong. It’s a valid view point, too. I did promise to clear the city though, so it’s what we’ll end up doing one way or the other,” Vince said. “Remind me to compliment you to Elysia again. That and maybe give you a department of your own.”

Clapping his hands, Vince turned to Fes. “Fes, as the acting commander of these forces, please prepare them for a night engagement. We’ll be going through the gates tonight and clearing the town of every and any Lizardman we come across.”

Fes came to attention and saluted smartly. “Your will.”

She was made for combat and thrives in this environment.

Turning his head back to the distant city of Vegas, Vince had the feeling he’d be putting in work tonight.

His combat strength as a unit was unparalleled. Every Lizardman he took down was one his people didn’t have to face.

Would that I could face them all myself and spare them.

After that, Vince returned to his tent with Mouth in tow.

Sam was able to heal up enough that she was well and on her way to a full recovery. Rather than return her to her cage, Vince spent the day modifying it until it was more of a small ribbed tent-like structure instead.

She spent the day sleeping inside of it peacefully, and the day trod on without incident.

Several times they spotted Lizardman scouts watching their encampment. Whatever they saw seemed to satisfy them, because as the day went on, they seemed less and less interested in them.

As night fell, his troops began waking. They’d been told to sleep and doze through the day to prepare for the night.

Dinner was served as breakfast, and the time to charge into the city came.

Vince stood with his soldiers as they all stared at the distant gate. They’d been given their orders and would proceed as soon as the gate opened. The vast majority of the troops would pour into the city and head straight for the barracks. Their goal was to catch them as unprepared as possible, and slaughter them.

If they could do it while they slept, all the better.

War wasn’t a place for the faint hearted.

Then, as if by magic, the gates swung inward.

As one, the entire force set off at a slow run. They needed to conserve their energy, but they needed to get there quickly as well.

Nothing was said. There were no shouts. No cries. No trumpets or horns. Everything was still except for the pounding of feet on grass and dirt.

The distance was covered in a minute, the fleet of foot Beastkin making it look easy and sure. Then the thousand strong force burst into the city and spread out according to the plan.

Vince’s own target was the seat of government for Vegas. The Chancellor’s tower.

It was where Heint would be, which meant it was where Vince needed to be. He had to protect his newest Duke and ensure he made it out of this alive. The simplest way to do that was to attack the tower head on.

That and it’s where a number of the elite guards are. If they believe I’m attacking them directly, they’re less likely to think he’s in on the whole thing.

Vince grinned painfully.

Running down the main boulevard he heard the crash of weapons as his people engaged the city guard.

“Sounds like everything is going as planned,” Ramona said as she jogged along beside him.

“Red agrees. The scent of blood is heavy already,” Red said from his left.

“The mages have sealed up their private barracks,” Leila said. “They’ve made sure they’ll not be dragged into the fight.”

“Great,” Vince said.

That was good news. It meant that Heint had already talked to everyone that wasn’t part of the city guard.

Though the major task was still ahead.

At the end of the boulevard they were moving down, Vince could see the tower.

“Everyone get ready, it’s time to crash the tower and put paid to the hospitality they showed Ramona previously,” Vince growled out.





Chapter 30



Several Lizardmen were posted outside of the tower.

Before he could say anything, Ramona took flight and went upwards. Then came right back down.

She cannonballed into one of the guards, crushing it up against the stone wall.

Red was only a step behind her, having poured on the speed and gone sprinting away. Catching one of the guards moving to engage Ramona, Red attacked. Her clawed hands sped out and tore a gaping chunk out of its chest.

Spinning up and around its back she raked its eyes and rode it to the ground.

Leila threw out her right hand with a muttered phrase and a purple projectile left her fingertips. Then she let herself draw back a bit, her floating disc slowing down. The brackish oil-like substance coated the last guard and began dissolving it as it screamed.

Vince lowered his shoulder and began channeling his power as Leila taught him. Guiding it through the grove, he reinforced his body. His skin and bones became as hard and rigid as steel.

Just before he crashed into the door, he added a tremendous amount of density to his body.

The door shattered and cracked stones fell free from the archway.

Stumbling through the rubble, Vince had become a human wrecking ball.

Two unlucky guards had been on the other side and were ground down under the weight of the door, stones, and Vince’s charge.

Collapsing to his knees, Vince released the power that he was feeding into himself and looked around.

Sam darted in behind him and sped onward. In her hand she carried a Ratkin spear, which she’d been training with.

She drove it straight into the brain of a third Lizardman through its eye. Apparently one hadn’t been destroyed in Vince’s entrance.

Squealing for a split second, the reptilian guard dropped to the ground and lay there twitching.

Sam yanked her spear free and hovered in position.

Red and Ramona came in next, clearing the room and ascertaining that it was indeed safe.

“That’s five,” Ramona said. “There should be another fifteen. I’m fairly limited in these confined spaces.”

“My turn then,” Vince said, getting up to his feet. Brushing himself off he drew his saber and looked towards the stairs that led upwards. “Time to save the princess?”

Leila tittered and floated lazily into the room on her disc of air. “If Heint heard you say that, he’d have a fit. Though we do still need to worry about Gerard.”

Vince sighed at that. The old man would be a problem.

He’d been secretly hoping that Heint could take care of that, or at least provide a reasonable solution. It was seeming more and more likely though that Vince would have to battle him.

Battling a necromancer sounds like a great way to get killed.

Unsheathing his saber, Vince started up the stairs swiftly. Keeping his sword up in front of him he eyed the second floor. It looked something like a lobby, with tables and chairs spread evenly throughout.

It was empty, which didn’t feel right.

Not waiting around, he moved up to the third floor and found that it was a barracks for the elite guard.

Being empty, it looked as if they’d all fled in a hurry.

Once again Vince went upwards.

The fourth floor was like the others, empty. Though this one looked uninhabited. Which was expected, as it had been the home of the Lizardman councillor Srinis. Or so their intelligence report had said.

Finally, upon reaching the fifth floor, Vince found his answer. The fifteen remaining guards were drawn up around Gerard.

Standing there with a raised staff, he looked every bit the terrifying necromancer. Dark black runes floated about him, looking for all the world like dark fire drawn into the air.

“Vince?” said the councillor, surprised.

“Gerard,” Vince said evenly, ducking back around the corner for cover.

“What are you doing here?” called Gerard.

“Taking the city. I plan on adding it to my kingdom,” Vince called back. “All the city guards are already dead. This is the only remaining holdout.”

“Ah. I see. Mm. I can see the merit in your course of action, despite it pitting us as foes,” lamented Gerard. “I take you already have someone in mind to rule?”

“That I do, though… why do you ask?”

“Curiosity.”

No. More than curiosity, but he won’t be the one to make that bridge. Can I swing it? Where would a Necromancer even wa—Denver.

“I do have a problem that I wonder if you could help me solve, though. As my Kingdom expands, I’m going to eventually take over more of the Wastes. There’s a particular city I’m going to have a colossal headache with though.”

There was no response. Vince could only imagine Gerard couldn’t respond without giving himself away to his own guards.

“It’s called Denver. Full of undead. Full of them. I was going to send an army to wipe it out and cleanse the place. It’s been untouched since the Wastes appeared. No one has been able to venture into it deeply.

“I imagine a Necromancer backed with an army could turn Denver into a city of Undead. Maybe even become a functioning Duchy of Yosemite,” Vince said loudly.

There it is. Maybe he’ll take it. Maybe I’ll end up being forced to make a deal to get him to leave.

That’d be easiest, wouldn’t it? Let him leave with his guards?

From around the corner, Vince could hear the rattling of equipment, and a soft hiss.

Several seconds later and it was followed by rapid popping noises and loud thuds.

“Consider it a bargain struck. I look forward to taking Denver into hand. You said it’s an entire city of Undead? How curious and interesting. I wonder what types there are,” Gerard said calmly.

Peeking around the edge of the stairwell, Vince saw all fifteen guards on the ground. Dead.

Gerard had already started moving to one side, seemingly lost in his thoughts of becoming Duke of Denver.

“Oh, do you need any help with Heint?” Gerard asked, looking up from his thoughts.

“No, he’s going to become the Duke of Vegas,” Vince admitted. Stepping into the room he sheathed his sword.

Gerard snorted and waved his hand at the ceiling above him. “He can have it. Do you think we’ll be able to move on Denver soon?”

“In the next month or two. We’re currently in the process of taking Verix.”

“Oh? Wonderful. Wonderful. I’ll retire to my rooms for the time being, my Lord Vince,” Gerard said to Vince.

“Of course, Duke Gerard,” Vince replied, bowing his head to the Necromancer.

Smiling at the title Gerard nodded his head and opened the door to his chambers. “I wonder if it’s zombies or ghouls. Skeletons, maybe? Oh! What if it has a Wraith or two? Or even a lower-tier Necromancer? Or a Lich! Or all of it! I bet if I—”

The trail of spoken thoughts were cut off and muffled when Gerard closed the door behind himself.

Vince let out a breath and grinned.

Not waiting around, he clambered up the next set of stairs. Moving quickly to the interior hallway he found only one chamber door.

Opening it, he stepped in.

Inside was a lavish room decorated smartly.

Sitting at a desk was Heint, writing with a smile on his face.

Looking up at the disturbance he was clearly shocked to find Vince standing there. Then his smile grew wider.

“Goodness. My King, have you already secured the tower?” Heint said, standing up and then bowing politely to Vince.

“Indeed. It was decided that the best way to protect you was to take the tower and ‘force your cooperation’ to assist us,” Vince admitted. He could hear the rest of his people checking corpses the floor below them. Their muffled voices floating up the stairs.

“And Gerard?” Heint asked neutrally.

“He’s to become the Duke of Denver. Which just happens to be a city of Undead. We’ll be situating him in his Ducal lands probably in the next two or three months. I’ll be supporting him with Yosemite’s army, of course.”

Vince walked over to a chair wedged up against the wall and sat down heavily.

“Hm,” Heint said, retaking his seat at his writing desk. “I can’t say I’m happy to share the same rank with the man. But then I must admit it’ll be good to have him on our side. How do you plan to keep him in check after you’ve granted him your lands?”

“Not sure yet,” Vince said. “But we’ll figure out something.”

In truth, he did have an idea, but he didn’t want to share it yet.

Undead suffered tremendously under the weight of blessed belief.

It was well known that when the Wastes opened up, so did the heavens. Gods, Goddesses, and Demons alike all happily invaded Earth and made it their home.

Priests and Clerics were the bane of their existence and could be destroyed easily. Backed by a Necromancer it would be infinitely harder, but not impossible.

And if I turn all of my Dryads into Priestesses, they can use the grove power base along with their faith.

Faith is the strongest weapon against the Undead. And will also be their shield, so long as they are loyal.

“I’ll leave it to you then, Lord. I myself am quite happy to simply rule Vegas in your stead.”

“Ah, speaking of. I brought you a codex of the laws of Yosemite. They’re fairly straightforward and benefit the masses. Nothing too onerous, I promise. Vegas will also be the first place I begin sending my Dryads when they come of age,” Vince said. Setting his head against the wall behind him, he closed his eyes. “We’ll also start building out the garrison and fort immediately.”

“Oh?” Heint asked.

“Of course. Can’t have my Duke in the south not be given the same benefits that others receive. We’ll start recruiting immediately for those who wish to join the military. They’ll be trained in Yosemite, then garrisoned elsewhere, while those not from Vegas are sent here.”

“For that, you have my thanks. It would seem you’ve put a lot more thought into this than I gave you credit for.”

“Ha. Not me. My people. I have a lot of strong and smart people behind me who make it easy.”

There was a shuffling at the door that got his attention. Opening his eyes he found Leila and Felicity standing there.

“Speaking of my smart and talented people, here’s some of my brightest. Felicity, Leila, this is Duke Heint,” Vince said, introducing the two to the dragon.

Heint nodded his head from his desk. Leila and Felicity bowed politely to him in return.

It would seem protocol has already been established. One less thing for me to fuss over.

“Lord, the city is in our complete control. The Lizardmen were killed to the last. Our people have already started to settle in.

“City patrols are being conducted immediately and routinely. We’ve a number of patrol leaders making contact with the criminal element and giving them what we’re willing to look the other way on, and what we’ll burn down their part of the city for,” Felicity said, opening her ledger. “The codex is being proclaimed and posted in all meeting places. We expect the citizenry should understand their new laws by evening, and punishments will begin being handed out. You’ll need to preside with Duke Heint at the first hearing.

“The barracks are being cleaned out and the armory cataloged. Everyone who was part of the guard or army that remains is being interviewed by Mouth and her Dryads. They’ll be cleared by morning.

“Recruiters have set up intake stations and will begin hiring in the morning for both city jobs and kingdom positions.

“The bank has been taken without bloodshed and all Tri-lliance assets have been immediately listed and put into custody. We’ll be able to return that as soon as their envoy arrives. With any luck they’ll take that and leave.

“Due to their extensive notetaking, we’ll be able to establish the Yosemite treasury immediately without a problem. There will be no lapse in pay for anyone who is allowed to return to government work.

“The walls have already been manned, and all weapon emplacements armed. We’ve brought up all the support weaponry and placed it on the south side.”

Felicity snapped her ledger shut and looked up at him with a wide smile.

“Well done. Truly, well done. Is there anything we need to be aware of?” Vince asked, grinning at the blushing Dark Elf.

“No, Lord. All is exactly as you wished it to be. We have some wounded, but no casualties. Fes has taken command of the situation admirably.

“We should be expecting another courier in another hour with an update,” Felicity said.

“My great appreciation, and thanks to your planning, my Lord,” Heint said with true satisfaction in his voice. “I didn’t dare dream that this takeover would be so complete and total within the first night.”

Vince smirked and nodded. “Felicity and Leila spent quite a bit of time on this.” Looking to the two aforementioned people he watched as both the Gnome and Dark Elf turned a dark red. “I can honestly say, that without them, it wouldn’t be possible to accomplish three fourths as much as we do.”

That being said, there wasn’t much more to do tonight.

Everything had been accomplished.



Taking up residence in Srinis’ old chambers Vince made it his headquarters. His inner circle joined him and made it the focal point of operations.

Things progressed quickly. Unfortunately, there was one thing that didn’t go according to Felicity’s plan.

The criminal underworld had taken exception to being told what they could and couldn’t do.

Specialized teams organized by Felicity that she painstakingly put together for city fighting were set loose. They charged into the warrens, the warehouse districts, and the red-light district the same night.

When dawn came, the city was quiet.

Subdued, even.

Citizens came out to inspect the damage cautiously. By and large, there wasn’t any.

Only a few buildings suffered any damage in the battle for Vegas. And that was fixed immediately.

What the denizens did find, was a city that appeared no different than the one they went to sleep in the day before.

There was no rioting, no looting, no fighting.

Nothing.

The first hour passed. The only thing that they noticed was a change in the frequency of patrols and make up of the guards. They wore different uniforms and were not Lizardmen but a variety of races.

The guards took any questions asked. Those questions were answered politely, and without malice.

And every time the answer was the same.

There was nothing wrong, Vegas was simply now part of Yosemite.

They began to slowly creep into the public places, the merchant quarter, and even the government buildings.

Everything was the same, except that the banners, flags, and guards were all different.

Or so Vince’s intelligence reports told him.

Dropping the papers to the table Vince scrubbed his face with his hands.

“Any early reports on recruiting? We’ll need to bolster the ranks and every single person we can pick up here will help offset it,” Vince asked, his hands pressed to his face still.

“Lord, from my understanding, the recruitment drive is going very well. We have half of the needed number to fill a garrison already. Word is also spreading to the surrounding areas. The closest inhabitants are already sending messengers and messages to swear under Heint, into the kingdom of Yosemite,” Felicity explained.

“Great. So why do I get the feeling we have a problem,” Vince said, tapping the papers in front of him. “I feel like something isn’t being said.”

“Lord, there is no mention of the criminal element. Your hearing in ten minutes will be to judge those we captured alive in our raids on the criminal organizations of Vegas. That’ll be the first, and only piece of business,” Felicity admitted.

Vince sighed into his hands.

That was no secret. She’d already briefed him on it.

He needed to decide what to do with them.

The problem was he couldn’t afford to show weakness. Not now.

Even a clean execution might be too simple. These were people who had refused his laws and rule.

When everything was coming to a head with a swift and nearly bloodless transition.

He’d never sentenced someone to death as a king. Killing someone with his own hands wasn’t new to him, but ordering it as coldly as getting a dinner?

That was new.

“Lord, we’ll be there with you. No one is expecting you to do anything other than execute them all,” Felicity said softly, reaching out to touch his forearm.

Vince nodded, not saying anything.

And so he waited. Before he knew it, it was time to go.

Entering the hall without speaking or saying a word, Vince took his seat on the impromptu throne that had been set up for him. Felicity stood to the left of the throne, Fes to the right.

Heint and Gerard stood on flanking positions beyond that.

It’d been placed in the same audience hall he’d killed Srinis in.

Spread throughout were the citizens, nobility, merchants, and anyone who managed to cram themselves into the hall.

“Lord Vince!” someone called out.

As one, everyone grew quiet and waited.

“The first and only matter on today’s docket is the dispensing of justice,” Felicity called out from beside him. “There are three hundred and twenty-one people facing the King’s justice.”

Vince had been debating this. Three-hundred people would be put to death, and there was no way out of that.

He had to make a point though.

Slowly, with clanking chains, the accused were brought to stand before him as one group.

As the last person was forced into the empty space that had been made before his throne, Vince stood up.

“I sentence you all to undeath. Your lives will be taken by Duke Gerard, and become his personal retainers. You’ll be the first of his Ducal guard,” Vince said without preamble, or explanation.

He condemned them all to eternal damnation.

A collective breath was sucked in as news of his sentence spread.

“Duke Gerard, these citizens are now yours to do with as you please,” Vince said. He made eye contact with Gerard who looked surprised and excited at the same time.

The Duke bowed his head to Vince in acknowledgment of the unspoken command.

Take care of it.

Turning on his heel, Vince left the room.

Behind him, no few number of people began to sob brokenly.

Let’s hope this is the last example I’m forced to make.





Chapter 31



The report that contained confirmation of the Tri-lliance army came the next day.

It listed out what they already knew. It was roughly three thousand strong, it was a mixed army with light infantry, heavy infantry, cavalry, archers, and magicians.

Vince and his people could only watch as that army spread out around Vegas and began encircling the walls. Siege tactics would work, but they had to be worried that reinforcements of a relief force would come from the north. Or so Vince would be if he was the enemy commander.

In his mind, the Tri-lliance would end up being forced to charge the walls. That they would come to the conclusion that their time was limited. They probably didn’t have the resources for a full siege. The land around Vegas wasn’t a bustling bread basket either. Foraging and plundering the surrounding areas would only do so much and go so far.

That really only left a window of about a week. A week to train up citizens into a militia to add to the defenders if the walls fell. A week to plan drills and exercises and movement orders.

A week of charging every Elf who came with him from his grove. Then every Elf who was willing to sign up to the military of Yosemite as a mage.

Heint worked to foster a relationship with Yosemite immediately. Stoking and firing up the people of Vegas to throw off those who did nothing for them.

Saying that Yosemite, in the long term, would provide them with much more. That Vince truly cared about a city founded and made for all peoples.

Gerard, on the other hand, happily converted his new recruits to undead. Then promptly snuck himself and them out of the city.

Vince could only imagine the man running around the Wastes looking for corpses to raise. This battle would provide him with quite a few available corpses.

Three thousand of them possibly.

Fes was the commander, and Vince deferred to her on all things regarding the defense of Vegas. He had no experience in this field. Only the battle for Yosemite came close.

And that was more of a slog than a siege. Almost got my ass killed, too.

And Daphne’s ass.

Momentarily blinded by the thought of Daphne’s ass, Vince started to zone out.

“It’ll be today,” Fes said, breaking Vince out of his thoughts.

“Oh, uh. Really?” Vince asked, looking out across the field at the pitched army.

“Yes. They’re prepping their gear. Everyone is moving into positions that they didn’t occupy. You can’t really hide when your army goes into motion. It’s just not possible,” Fes explained. Closing a fist she hit it gently atop the stone wall they stood on.

“How can I help?” Vince asked. So far, she hadn’t given him a task or a chore to complete.

“Stand atop the south gate, right here. Do your best to remain safe. If they breach anywhere, it’ll be there. You’ll be able to rally the troops more than anyone else. Your squad will be with you, of course,” Fes said. Nodding her head, she left him there.

That’ll help. Then again, she really means my bodyguards, rather than squad.

Drumming his fingers along the stone, there wasn’t much to do but wait.

Vince watched as they moved about. It felt like it was in slow motion. After thirty minutes of watching though, he could see they were actually moving quickly. Having so many people getting together into formation, prepping their gear, and doing so orderly, was a feat in and of itself.

This was no unruly mob they were kicking out. This was a trained army that had discipline, ranks, and order.

“They move as an army should,” Ramona said from beside him.

He hadn’t realized she’d joined him. Looking around he found everyone there from his inner circle. Even Mouth and Sam.

“Yeah. Definitely not a rookie element,” Vince said in agreement. “Leila, can you have the mages get ready?”

“Yes. Yes, of course,” came the reply from behind him.

“Red doesn’t like this. Red thinks we should be out there, attacking their flank,” muttered the Cursed One.

“Not our job this time. Gerard has that honor,” Vince reminded her. “Besides, using Undead makes it twice as horrible. It’ll take so much to drop them, only to have your own dead rise up. If he manages it well, it’ll end up growing faster than they drop.”

“Ready,” Leila said, forcing her way in next to him. She looked at the top of the wall disdainfully.

Smirking, Vince reached down and scooped up the Gnome. Sliding his forearm under her rear end, he held her tight to his side and angled her outward so she could see.

“Ah! What are you— Stop, stop it. Put me down, put me down,” growled Leila, hitting him in the chest with her small fists.

“Take a look,” Vince said pointing. Leila frowned at him angrily, but turned to look where he’d indicated. “That looks like where they’re putting their mages to me. They don’t seem to have that many.”

“Not everyone has a rude perverted horse’s ass who can charge magic,” Leila spat out angrily.

“Come on, is it that bad? It’s not like I’m running my hand up your robe or something. Anyways, if they’re focusing all their power there, that means they’re aiming at this gate, right?” Vince asked.

Leila’s cheeks were flushed as she glared at him. “Probably. N-no guarantee.”

“Nothing in life ever is. Alright,” Vince said. Falling silent, everyone watched as the army of the Tri-lliance actually entered the field in front of their camps.

Then several individuals on horses rode out. Crossing perhaps half the distance to the walls, they stopped.

“You will relinquish Vegas, and return it to its rightful owners. There will be no negotiations. You have one minute,” came a magically amplified voice.

Turning, the trio left as quickly as they came.

“Hmph. Can I fly over them and give them a response?” Ramona asked archly. Her left hand came up and she began playing with the tip of one of her horns.

Nervous habit much?

“No, best not. It would put you at risk,” Vince said, declining her request. “We’ll just wait for the attack. Do what we can.”

Looking over to the left he found Mouth hovering nearby, nervously looking out at the army.

“Mouth,” Vince said, spooking the Dryad. She looked at him and gave him a warm, shy smile. “Keep Sam with you for protection.

“On top of that, I need you to play medic. Stay back and work to get people out of harm’s way when they’re injured. Stabilize, and move on. Got it?”

“Yes, of course, grove husband,” Mouth said softly, nodding her head.

Sam fluttered and gave him a cold look, but didn’t argue the job he’d assigned her

Before Vince could look back to the field, the army of the Tri-lliance trumpeted a charge, and moved forward.

Ladders were rushed to the front, and several siege towers began lumbering forward.

“We never saw any pre-Waste weapons, did we?” Vince asked nervously.

“No,” Leila said, her right hand resting on his shoulder as she watched the oncoming horde. “We didn’t.”

Giving his head a shake, he set Leila down and then drew his saber. “Go ahead and give the order for the mages to start lobbing, Leila.”

“Yes!” said the Gnome.

Several seconds later, fireballs launched out all across the walls of Vegas. Arcing through the air, the sputtering balls of death glowed.

The enemy was prepared though, and as suddenly as they appeared, they all winked out.

Then the second round came, and the third, then the fourth.

On the fifth fireball wave, they started to slip through the defenses. It was few and far between, but the enemy started to take losses.

The sixth wave passed through completely. An entire rank of the enemy line was decimated.

Another wave of fireballs blasted through the enemy line.

The soldiers’ response was admirable, and the officers’ intelligent. They sprinted forward. By the time the tenth wave of fireballs came down, they were clear of the zone the magicians were blindly firing into.

“Kill it, have them prepare for single target shots,” Vince said. He’d hoped they’d get more out of the magic attacks than that.

The enemy adapts well.

Archers and gunmen along the walls began firing down into the soldiers as they worked to bring their ladders up.

Arrows and magical crossfire started to arc up at the defenders on the wall. Soon it was too much and they were forced to back away from the edge or be killed.

Even Vince had to move away as arrows buzzed by overhead.

Now came the ugly blade work that everyone was expecting.

Beside him, Ramona and Red waited. Leila had already retreated back with Mouth.

A Dwarven head popped up over the wall in front of Vince. Gliding forward, he skewered the man in the throat with his saber and drew back.

Gurgling, the Dwarf clutched at his ruined flesh and fell backwards, disappearing.

Then a Lizardman came up and over the wall in a leap. Ramona took him to the ground, as Red dashed in to claw the face off an Elf who was next on the ladder.

Ramona finished the Lizardman and threw the corpse back over the wall. The tail of the corpse smacked into the face of the helmeted warrior who appeared next on the ladder. Screaming, the female soldier fell off the wall.

On each side of them though, the defenders weren’t so lucky. The wall had been cleared and his soldiers were being pushed back.

“Damn, Red, Ramona, hold here,” Vince ordered. Speeding off to one side, he approached the closest siege ladder.

Thrusting forward, his saber caught the unprotected neck of an unsuspected attacker. Screeching, the soldier dropped to the ground, both hands pressed to their throat.

Moving on, Vince swiped out rapidly twice in succession, forcing another foe back to the wall.

Smashing out with a wild kick, he connected with the soldier’s kneecap. With a crunch they fell to one side, screaming into their helmet. Wading in close Vince popped them twice in the face with the pommel of his sword.

Paying no more attention to that one, he struggled to get closer to the ladder.

A dagger flashed out from his side, an Elven woman he hadn’t noticed had gotten close. The blade skimmed off his leather covered side, but he felt the edge part his flesh regardless.

Grabbing the wrist of the woman, he broke it, then jammed the dagger up under her chin. The bloody inch of steel was visible in her mouth as blood flowed down over her hand.

Whipping his left elbow around he cracked her in the cheek and sent her tumbling into the interior of Vegas.

With only a second to think about it, Vince dodged to the right as a sword struck him in the left shoulder. The tip lodged itself in what he thought was the bone, but the force had been blunted by his armor.

I seriously need to get chainmail. Cow skin won’t help me in these melees.

Punching with his right hand, he broke the blade in half. Taking another step forward he meant to attack the person with the broken weapon, but they were lost in the press of bodies in front of him.

Before he had a chance to recover and launch another attack, the sound of a thunder crack, then the wall shuddering, rolled over him.

Another booming crack, and then several more. A grinding rumble could be heard, and Vince saw far ahead of him an entire section of wall crumbling away. The defenders scrambled to get out of the avalanche of broken and shattered stone.

Even before the rubble settled, the Tri-lliance army was pressing into the shattered remains.

Vince watched as the bloodstained and battered defenders were cut down or sent retreating. There wasn’t a thing he could do other than watch from where he was.

Making a decision, Vince took several steps to the side and then leapt down from the wall. Landing with a clatter he lost his momentum completely.

He stumbled forward, grunting, and slowly got up. Three paces later and he was up to a sprint, heading straight towards the cleft in the wall.

Fes had trusted him to hold the gate. While this wasn’t the gate, he figured it counted as the same thing.

He just had to rally the troops and defend long enough for reinforcements to arrive. That’s all he had to do.

Behind him, he heard Red and Ramona call out. They couldn’t leave though. He knew they’d both stay to defend the ladder.

Then it didn’t matter anymore. Because he was at the gap.

A number of soldiers in heavy armor, from head to toe, were creating a defensive line. They were clearly well equipped and prepared for this role.

Large interlocking shields covered the soldiers. Their weapons were spears that slid out over the top of the shields.

For all the world it looked as if there’d be little chance of breaking through and pushing them back out.

Aligning himself with the wall, Vince began to close in on the enemy.

The distance became nothing, and suddenly Vince was thrusting his sword out into the space above the shields.

The tip of the saber clanged off something and halted. Drawing his blade back, Vince pressed in close to the fractured wall.

A spear tip whistled past the point he’d just left, and Vince snatched the weapon out of the soldier’s hand. Flipping it around in his hand, he sheathed his saber and grabbed the spear with both hands.

Deprived of their weapon, the soldier grabbed their shield with both hands and drew it higher up. Pulling it in closer to themselves.

Clearly they’d lost their resolve after Vince’s strike and theft.

And in their cowardice, they exposed their shield-mate. The person to the left lost an inch or two of cover. Aiming carefully for a moment Vince adjusted his body posture. Then he flashed forward, thrusting the spear out.

It penetrated the soldier’s side, slipping into the gap of the unarmored armpit. Groaning, the wounded soldier fell backwards, then forwards as the person behind them gave them a shove.

Wrenching the spear free, Vince pulled it back and then drove it forward again.

This time he managed to wedge it into the lip of the helmet and hopefully into the person’s throat.

Cringing away, the struck soldier snapped the spear tip off with his helmet. Then they fell to the ground and became more rubble to be walked upon.

Showing their training, the ranks filled in, and two new soldiers replaced the dead.

Darting in close to the one who hid behind their shield, Vince attacked again. He shoved the shield to one side and drove his hunting knife into their abdomen.

The screech of metal failing, and the soldier doubling over, was the sound of Vince’s success. Yanking his blade free, Vince tried to press forward.

Only to have a spear dart out and jab into his guts. Grabbing the shaft he took it with him as he was forced back.

Flipping the spear over to bring the point to bear, he set to repeat the process.

The enemy line began moving forward one step at a time. Forcing their way into Vegas.

Growling, Vince stabbed futilely into any gap he could. Though clearly wounding some, no more were so clearly put out of action.

As they left the press of the wall, more spears were able to be brought to bear to try and pin Vince down.

Slowly, he was made to give way. Step by step, they took ground from the defenders of Vegas.

Vince almost missed the distinctive “whump” of a spell, but he saw the purple ball of terror drop into the middle of the heavy infantry formation.

There was no explosion, but the spell detonated all the same. Spreading lavender terror and death. Anyone that filthy substance touched turned into a screaming, plum-colored torch.

Breaking apart, the heavy infantry line charged forward. Following close behind them were normal foot soldiers with swords and shields.

Fighting resumed hot and heavy all around the gap. Vince lost himself in the dance of the blade as he drew on his grove to help power himself.

Feeding off his personal magic to allow him to keep on killing.

After what felt like an hour, but was probably more like ten minutes, Vince realized he’d been surrounded. While he held his position, his comrades were slain or driven back.

Whirling around, Vince tried to keep himself focused.

He could see Leila off to one side, tossing in small deadly projectiles where she could. Vince was truly alone. An outcropping of rock in an ocean.

Working his saber as quickly as he could, he strove to deflect or parry every sword blow or spear strike that came his way. For every three he blocked though, one slipped through.

His armor slowly became the color of blood, and had multiple rents and holes.

Panting, he began to slowly feel his life ebb away. Working to restore his flagging energy and fatigued muscles Vince drew on the grove continuously. He only barely managed to keep himself in the fight.

A spear got close enough for Vince to yank it clear. Only to have a different spear catch him in the lower back.

Howling in pain, Vince spun and threw the spear at the person who had just stuck him.

Before he was able to see what damage he caused, he was forced to defend from an entirely different position.

Then a sword tip burst out from Vince’s midsection. It angled up and outward, the tip bright red and shiny.

Groaning Vince spun and cleaved off the hand holding the sword.

Stumbling backward two steps, Vince fell to one knee. Glaring at the soldiers surrounding him, he reached back and pulled the sword out of his body.

Instantly he felt light headed, and pushed on the grove to help him staunch the wound. Unfortunately it taxed him too much and he felt the exhaustion smash him.

A soldier in front of him lashed out with a sword. Vince deflected it to one side clumsily, and stabbed the man in the groin.

Shuddering, Vince couldn’t keep himself upright, and slowly sunk to the ground. Laying there in the broken bits of stone and earth.

Vince could see the gap.

Coming into that gap was a never ending wave of enemy combatants. They all had the appearance of those who had already been in combat, but they seemed to be moving easily.

Damn. I have to get up. I have to… get up. I need to fight.

Watching without being able to act, Vince felt helpless.

As the new wave of soldiers hit the existing ones, they began to ferociously attack. Clawing, biting, stabbing, wrestling their comrades to the ground.

Vince watched as understanding flooded him.

Gerard had arrived. He wasn’t in the right place, but he sure was here at the right time.

Vince grimaced and focused on his own recovery, the will going out of him. In front of him, a woman missing half a face leapt on an Elven maiden and began devouring her lips as she screamed.

They landed feet away from his position, and the zombie started to eat the face of the screaming woman then and there.

Closing his eyes, Vince did his best to block it all out.

He’d held the line.





Chapter 32



Cleanup was quick, enemy corpses being turned over to Gerard, while friendlies were carried into the heart of Vegas.

The wall would take a while to be put back to rights, but it had held long enough.

Fes and Felicity had planned the battle as well as they could. But even then, the victory was hard to accept.

Losses had been high.

Very high.

It would take a year of a high profile recruitment drive to recoup the losses they suffered today.

But it was a victory.

Vince was on the mend under the demanding ministrations of Mouth. She never left his side, and always had one hand on him at all times.

Leaning back in his chair fractionally, Vince looked at the emissary of the Tri-lliance across from him.

They’d been seated for only a minute, before the Dwarven man started making demands.

Ranging from offering him tens of thousands of gold coins for the city and Heint’s head, to simply demanding its return.

The emissary clearly had no experience dealing with someone of equal rank or higher, and couldn’t seem to decide how to handle the situation.

Up to this point, Vince had listened quietly, even politely, but he was out of patience.

The Dwarf had been droning on continuously.

“—pay for each and every soldier slain. Then—”

“Stop,” Vince said, holding up his hand. “Let me tell you now what you’ll receive. Then you can leave, or I can have your head put on a pole.”

Vince shifted in his chair to lean forward, glowering at the bearded Dwarf.

Mouth’s hand followed Vince as he went, pressed to the middle of his back.

“You’ll get every single coin the Tri-lliance had in the bank to their name. Consider that as a gift and a wish for neutrality on my behalf. Then you can take yourself and get the fuck out of Vegas.

“Other than that, the only thing I’m willing to give you is a swift death. That is my offer. Take it and go, or just go.”

“Now, I th—” started the Dwarf again.

Instead of listening, Vince stood up, and walked out of the tent.

Mouth came up to his side and wrapped herself around his left arm. Squeezing it tight to herself, Vince could feel the constant flow of healing she was sending his way.

Just how close did I get?

Felicity was there in a flash, her dark eyes boring into him. Sam followed along behind her, having been pressganged into being her personal messenger.

“Was it anything beyond the expected, Lord?” she asked.

“No. Not at all. They’ll be leaving shortly, with or without the gold, I care not,” Vince hissed, shambling his way to the tower.

“Both Duke Heint and Duke Gerard wish to have a word when you’re able. Fes, Ramona, Red, and Leila are all out on duties I gave them,” Felicity said quickly.

“Alright. Schedule both of the Dukes. Heint first, then Gerard,” Vince said tiredly. “Just give me five minutes to catch my breath.”

Vince didn’t want to admit it, especially to himself, but he felt beat.

So much so that when they got to his room he collapsed in the chair. Sitting there with his eyes closed he focused on keeping his breathing even and waiting for the room to stop spinning.

“Grove husband, it’ll be alright. You were very close to death’s door. I’ll have you back to normal by the time we rejoin the army,” Mouth promised, clasping his hand in hers.

“Thanks, Mouth,” Vince said.

What felt like only seconds later, Mouth was gently shaking Vince.

“Your first meeting is soon. Forgive me for waking you, but Felicity will be leading him in, in about a minute,” Mouth said softly. She pulled one of her hands away from his and straightened his jacket and hair quickly with nimble fingers.

Vince blinked groggily and looked around himself.

Did I seriously fall asleep in the chair?

“Thanks. Uh, how long have—”

“Thirty minutes, or so. Long enough that your color looks better,” Mouth said, interrupting him.

A pair of solid knocks came from the door, then it smoothly opened. Felicity walked in and held the door open. “Duke Heint to see you, Lord,” Felicity said.

Standing to his feet, Vince smiled. Heint entered and came over immediately.

Vince could feel that his mind was shielded firmly. Simply because of the fact that he couldn’t feel the Dragon in the room.

Felicity shut the door behind him and then joined them at the side table.

Vince took Heint’s outstretched hand in his own and gave it a firm shake.

“This might be our last meeting as I’ll need to head north to rejoin the army after this,” Vince said. Releasing Heint’s hand he took his seat and indicated the one across from himself.

Heint smiled politely and flicked a glance to Mouth then back to Vince.

“Have no fear, she’s one of my grove. She’ll not betray us,” Vince said with a smile.

Mouth bowed her head towards Heint from her position beside Vince.

“Ah. Splendid. First, I’d like to officially thank you in my capacity as your Duke for your assistance,” Heint said, taking a seat.

“Of course, that was my word to you.”

Heint grinned and nodded his head. “Though I must ask for your help. I’m afraid that without your military presence, the town could fall into a troubled time. We’d recover of course, but I think our momentum would be stalled.”

“Agreed. Felicity?” Vince asked, looking to the Dark Elf.

“Per your request, Lord, I’ve disseminated your offer to the soldiers. Nine in ten have agreed and will be transferring over to the garrison of Vegas. That’ll give them a starting force of about two hundred.

“Fes has already put together a structure for them to build off of. In addition to that, all the gear from the Undead horde has been stripped, cleaned, and put into the armory. This should be more than enough to offset costs of outfitting the garrison when it arrives,” Felicity said without having to look into her ledger.

Looking back to Heint, Vince held out his hand to the Duke, signaling for him to continue.

“Ah… hahaha, impressive, my king. I appreciate your compassion to the city of Vegas. I can guarantee the citizenry will appreciate it. Other than that matter, I have nothing to ask,” Heint said. He folded his hands in his lap, looking rather pleased. “I do have to admit. This all proceeded beyond my wildest expectations.”

Chuckling, Vince could only shrug. “I attribute my victory to my people. I have very good people. Now, for your part, Duke Heint,” Vince said, locking eyes with the Dragon. “Everything needed of you has been prepared by my lovely assistant.”

Felicity held out a large sealed packet towards Heint.

“The only thing to note is that we’ll have a formal meeting once every quarter. It’ll be for everyone at your peerage and myself. The packet also does contain what ranks you can hand out to those vassals you would choose to have. As well as your borders and suggested territories. Keep in mind, those territories really are just suggestions. You’re welcome to do as you please, but Elysia and Felicity spent considerable time trying to make sure it would balance your lands equally.”

Heint looked thoughtful as he took the packet in hand. Thumbing back the seal, he flipped it open. Glancing over a few pages he started to nod his head.

“Other than that, I can’t think of anything that would immediately be useful to you. I’d personally read it over once and pick out anything that you feel is important, and then come back later for a more in depth read. But that’s just me,” Vince said.

Heint grunted and then paused, holding up a finger. “Dryad allocations?” he asked.

“Yes. Every city will eventually house a compliment of Dryads proportionate to their population. They will serve as your eyes and ears to help ferret out any dissent. They’ll also be able to provide excellent healing, midwifery, and other abilities,” Vince explained.

“Oh? When do you think I’ll be getting them?” Heint asked, looking up.

“As soon as they start growing up. They’ll all be my children,” Vince said simply.

Heint’s face scrunched up for a second and then he gave his head a shake. Then he looked to Mouth and realization dawned there. “Ah. I understand. Will they be giving birth as well?”

“That is as of yet undetermined. Though I think it might be unlikely. Once the Dryads become a city-service, it’s unlikely that they’ll have any population loss. If we don’t set up safeguards now, their population could explode.”

Beside him Mouth froze, then nodded her head a fraction.

If she agrees, that means most of them will. Now all I have to do is convince Meliae. Otherwise we’ll be drowning in Dryads.

Heint grunted and looked to his papers, then back to Vince. “Thank you, my king. I’ll leave you for now. If you depart before I see you again, may your journey go well, and I wish for our swift victory.”

Standing, the Dragon bowed towards Vince, and then left before Vince could even stand. Felicity followed him out, and shut the door behind herself.

“He respects you deeply,” Mouth said, wrapping both hands around Vince’s again. “You surprised him. He earnestly believes that following you was the best choice he could have made.”

Frowning, Vince cast a look at Mouth.

And how do you know that, my little Dryad? His mind is shielded.

“We don’t read minds. We read emotions, and intent. I’m very talented at it,” Mouth said, looking at the ground bashfully. “Grove mistress Meliae chose me personally as her grove wife for my talent, and my… my appearance.”

“Before or after Red picked you,” Vince asked with a grin.

“Meliae went to Red and asked her to pick me. Then emphasized how I would be able to please you and get her more… more food,” Mouth said, her cheeks turning a dark red.

Two knocks came from the door, and then it swung open. Felicity walked in and held the door open once again. “Duke Gerard to see you, Lord,” Felicity said.

“Sit, sit, don’t get up for this old man. This’ll be quick, I promise,” Gerard said, shuffling past Felicity.

Vince grinned and raised an eyebrow, waiting.

“Yes, yes. My king, I have two thousand undead at your disposal. I’ve brought on a commander of my forces and already placed them under your Fes’ control.

“Strong Fes by the way. My compliments,” Gerard said conversationally. “I assume you’ll want to leave in the morning. The Duke of Denver will be ready and waiting.”

Bowing formally and respectfully, Gerard turned and made to leave before Felicity even had the chance to close the door.

“Thank you, miss,” Gerard said to Felicity as he passed.

“Of course, Duke,” Felicity said, closing the door with a frown.

Mouth snickered, wrinkling her nose. “He’s extremely happy. Happy and excited.”

“Necromancers get a modicum of respect in the Tri-lliance, but they’re also prone to receiving a good bit of fear and derision from what we’ve been able to find out,” Felicity added.

“Huh. In other words, I gave him exactly what he wanted, so he’s happy,” Vince summarized.

“Oh yes. You made your offer based on his own merits, offered him a city where he would reign completely, and did so not because you had to, but wanted to. He’s well aware that he could have held the floor for a day or two, but would have fallen eventually. I don’t think he’ll be a problem for you, but that’s only how he is today,” Mouth said.

“That’s… good, I suppose. If there’s nothing else, Felicity, I think we should prepare for travel. We’ll be moving with few soldiers, lots of Undead, and many miles to go.”

Nodding her head at his words, Felicity flipped open her ledger, pulled out her pen, and started writing.



The next morning, Yosemite’s King was on the move again with his forces. Their trip was slower than the one they’d made the previous week.

Stopping in every city, village, or town they passed, Vince made sure to let the citizens know of the change in Vegas.

Each and every stop revealed that Yosemite’s influence wasn’t being resisted. The leaders of each location had clearly assimilated the codex of Yosemite and were already adhering to its laws.

Having their new King visit them personally only added to the prestige of their perceived reputation. After learning of the new Duke of Vegas, many stated they planned to travel south and swear their loyalty to their new liege lord.

Duke Gerard stayed with Vince and his inner circle, though the Undead horde marched far to the east or west of their northern advance.

The trip in general was made without incident or anything that would stand out. No one bothered them, and by and large it was a good time to recover.

As they were nearing the area where Vince expected to find Petra, things began to grow tense in the army.

For himself, Vince felt rather laconic.

Fes had recently rejoined him in his bed, after having stopped offering up Mouth as a replacement.

In the late morning, Vince and his band broke into a spot on the path that offered them a wide open view of the fields ahead.

On the west side were a series of earthworks and wooden walls. Defended and held by Yosemite soldiers.

To the east was an stone fort that had clearly been erected with magic.

Between those two defensive positions, a battle was taking place in the no man’s land. It was clearly only a skirmish, but losses were being inflicted on both sides.

Why doesn’t Petra just bottle up and let them sit out there?

Fes grunted and folded her arms across her breastplate.

“Petra hopes to win a war of attrition perhaps? Kitch holds the center. Her people don’t really take losses, they inflict them,” said the Orc warrior, gesturing to the middle of the field.

Sure enough, Kitch and her people were there, carving out a bloody chunk of the High Elf line.

Still doesn’t make sense. Unless we really aren’t taking as many losses as they are.

“Shame we couldn’t breed the Gryphons fast enough. She’d be unstoppable,” Vince said with a sigh. Turning to Sam he held out his arm to her.

The Fae glanced to his arm, and then back to the field. Without looking she settled down gently on his forearm.

“I need a favor, Sam. I need you to take a low to the ground route to Petra and let her know we’re here. Gerard’s horde is going to flank and cut down as many of those Elves as we can. Say… in ten minutes. Can you do it?” Vince asked, watching the Fae perched on his arm.

“Consider it done,” Sam said. Her wings fluttered, and then she was off like a fox. She kept low to the grass, flashing along quickly.

“I’ll get my troops ready, my king,” Gerard said, taking several steps off to the side of the path and sitting down.

“Leila, anything you can lob at them from this distance when they get to the gate? Preferably to hit them right as they’re going through,” Vince said.

“Uhm. Maybe? I’m not sure I have the power for—” Leila paused as Vince sat down on the ground right there.

“What are you doing?” Leila asked.

Reaching out he snatched up the small woman and pressed her down into his lap. Laying his hands on her shoulders he started channeling every bit of power he could into her.

“You’ll have the power now, so get to work,” Vince said, giving her shoulders a tiny shake to make sure she was still there.

“O-o-o-oh. Yes. Ok. Yes,” Leila said tonelessly as he got her drunk on magic.

Leila said something under her breath in a drunken sing-song voice and then flicked out a hand.

A tiny purple arrow sped off.

It landed fifty feet from the gate to the Elven stronghold.

“That… that should be the range. With a tiny bit of a-adjustment,” Leila said, wobbling back and forth in his lap.

“Good. Red, Ramona, please act as guards? Fes, I can’t think of anything else that would be helpful, can you?” Vince asked. “I don’t think they’ll send anyone this way, but I’d rather be ready for it.”

Fes shook her head. Unsheathing her big blade, she moved to stand beside Red and Ramona. Clearly she intended to act the part of a guard for the time being.

“I agree,” she said.

Leila started to sing softly to herself, her body bobbing along. She kept her hands in front of her, out of Vince’s view.

He could actually feel the drain of power though as it cycled out of Leila, and draw directly from where he was feeding her more.

“Red is tired of fighting. Red enjoys hunting, not fighting. Red wants to go home, have Mouth get Red a meal, and go to bed,” whined the Cursed One, dropping down to a kneeling position. Her tail flicked back and forth in an annoyed fashion.

Ramona sighed and shifted her weight around. She crossed her arms and her wings spread out behind her. “While I’m not going to even discuss your meals with you, I do agree with you about going home. I have become truly tired of fighting,” admitted the Dragonnewt.

“At least for now,” she amended.

Off to the west, Vince saw a flash.

Honing his mind, he focused in on it.

Sam. Sam on her way back.

Pressing his lips together, Vince waited as the Fae approached.

In no time at all, Sam was back.

Panting heavily, the Fae flopped over his shoulder, her arms dangling over his chest, her legs on his back.

“The general… knows. She says… go ahead,” Sam got out between gasping breaths.

“Gerard?” Vince asked loudly.

A soft chuckle came from behind.

“They’re on the way, my king. You know, this is much more interesting than being a chancellor. The Undead brigade of Yosemite. Yes. I like it,” Gerard said, chuckling darkly to himself.

Not sure if I’m going to regret that one or not. He might enjoy being a leader of Undead armies and ask to be in the field more often.

“Here we go then,” Vince said, tightening his hold on Leila.





Chapter 33



The grotesque horde of recently deceased came boiling out of the woods to the southeast of the fight. They ran as fast as their rotting bodies would carry them.

Having been stripped of armor and weapons, only the sound of their footfalls could be heard.

Several Faeries shot forward from Petra’s defenses to slip in amongst her soldiers. Seconds later they departed.

A message had been relayed to their forces, and it was obvious to Vince it had been about the undead.

Kitch and her people seemed to be readying, but not acting. They were rotating forces to the front and pulling back the weary for a breather at the rear.

Calls went up from the High Elves, trumpets blaring.

The Undead horde had been spotted.

It was too late though.

Before the Elven army could decipher the call and react, the Undead fell upon them.

Undead really are great for flanking. Terrible for anything else except in large numbers.

In that initial onslaught, a good number of High Elves were pulled down to the ground and slaughtered.

At the same time, Kitch and the army of Yosemite began pushing forward.

The High Elves were trapped between the hammer and the anvil of Yosemite.

Unfortunately the Undead couldn’t keep their wants in check, and immediately began feasting on those they brought down. It wasn’t until those meals died that they’d move on to another enemy.

Using that window of time, the High Elves, or what remained, made their escape.

They set off at a dead sprint for their own fortification, shedding weapons and armor as they went.

Sam rolled off Vince’s shoulder and flopped to the ground, starting to recover.

“They run in full retreat,” said the Fae, peering down at the field.

Leaning in close to Leila, Vince spoke into her ear, cutting her loose from the magical flow.

“Are you ready? They’re going to be in position soon.”

Leila gave her head a quick shake, and then blinked several times.

“Y-yes. The recoil might be rough,” Leila responded.

Looking down he could see Leila’s hands. They were cupping a dark ball of purple energy.

He also got an eyeful of Leila down the front of her robe. Leaning back he forced his eyes back to the fight.

Definitely built like a woman, even if a small one.

Then his thoughts were blasted out of his head as Leila’s hands went forward.

The force her spell generated backwards was enough to flatten Vince onto his back. Then he was spun end over end.

Tucking up in the fetal position, he held onto Leila. Curling up around her, he did his best to shelter her as they tumbled along in the grass.

A final flip and they ended up sideways in the grass, Leila squished between Vince’s arms and legs.

Only seconds passed before Mouth was there, her hands exploring over both of them. Checking for injuries.

“They’re fine,” Mouth called out. “Shaken, but fine.”

Lifting his head, Vince strained to see what was going on.

He laid eyes on the gate, just as the ball of magic hit.

The detonation was truly devastating to anything living it touched. It melted through retreating Elves as if they were made of tissues. Sticking to the walls and ground, the magical nightmare hung around, hissing and bubbling.

The Elves trapped between the magical goo and the forces of Yosemite had nowhere to go. Rather than getting close to the enemy defenses, the soldiers of Yosemite parted ranks.

High Elves in Yosemite colors stepped to the front and began lobbing balls of fire and spears of ice into the enemy ranks.

After a minute, the butchery was over.

Kitch led the forces of Yosemite back towards their own fortress. Behind her, the Undead held the field.

Slowly they began gathering the enemy dead and laying them out. Preparing them to join their ranks.

Friendly dead were carried to the fort and laid down in front of the gate.

They’d not be forced into Undeath.

Setting his head back down on the grass, Vince let out a breath.

“That was impressive, Leila. It tore them apart as if they were nothing,” Vince said.

“Mm,” Leila responded softly.

Rolling over to one side, he released the Gnome. Easing her onto her back he stared into her face to make sure she was alright.

Leila’s large glittering eyes stared up at him, her pupils little more than pinpricks.

“Rebound,” Leila said, meeting his eyes. “Feel sick.”

Nodding his head, Vince scooped up Leila and held her against his chest.

Leila listlessly flopped around on him as he adjusted her position. “Alright, you just relax. Time to go see Petra and tell her the news from the south.”

Pausing to reach down and grab the Fae, Vince set off for Petra.



Everyone entered the fort and spread out, each going about their own business. Vince tucked Leila and Sam away into a room to recover.

Moving to find Petra, he ended up discovering that Fes was the first to actually locate her. Now the two were engaged in a conversation and more than likely discussing what happened down in Vegas.

Vince didn’t feel like butting in on that. Looking around he found a table off to one side of the open hallway.

Deciding, he sat down at that table, and pretended he wasn’t Vince.

All around him soldiers and the support went about their business. Watching quietly, he realized that more than twenty percent of everyone he saw had bandages on their bodies.

How much of the force is the walking wounded? Now add to that all the losses we suffered in the south.

We’re rapidly running out of manpower, which isn’t something that can easily be replaced.

A dark fear lurked in the back of his mind. Was this a mistake? Was this whole thing a mistake?

Couldn’t he have just as easily pushed back Verix from the convoy, and utilized another route? Couldn’t he have attached a large guard to them?

Shaking his head, Vince dispersed those fearful, paranoid worries. They would do him no good, since there was no going backwards at this point.

Fes hung her head down in front of Petra. Petra said something firmly, then smiled and laid a hand on Fes’ shoulder.

Petra said something again and Fes nodded her head, then walked off through another exit. Whatever Fes had been told had been enough to settle her and get her moving.

The antennae on Petra’s head twitched and pointed towards Vince, her head following a second later. Her eyes locked onto him and she gave him a bright warm smile.

Hiding from her is as pointless as hiding from Red.

No sooner than he finished that thought, Petra moved the second chair to one side and settled down at the table. She immediately reached across and wrapped her hands around his.

“This one is so pleased to see her master, her husband. She worried for him deeply. This one knows how her master reacts in situations, and was apparently right to worry,” Petra said, her voice colored with annoyance.

“Yet here I am. I’ll not apologize for it, because it was necessary. I don’t plan on risking myself anytime soon though,” Vince said, squeezing Petra’s hands with his own. “I take it Fes gave you the rundown?”

Petra sighed and pulled one of her hands back and pressed it to her forehead. “This one was indeed informed. She had hoped we would not suffer so many losses. Though the Undead are a surprise.”

“Going that badly here?” Vince asked.

“This one… this one is no longer sure she can win without paying a terrible price. Without an advantage in numbers, and the fact that our opponent is actually not a fool, we are at a standstill. It is a battle that is equal every time, and with no clear victor.

“Today was the first time there was a clear winner in days,” Petra said, her mouth turning down in a severe frown. “Both armies have the ability to heal wounded. Both have equivalent magical potential. We truly are evenly matched.”

Vince didn’t sigh, nor did he shake his head. He somehow managed to control his reactions, and instead patted the back of Petra’s hand and held onto it.

“You’ve done all you can. All we can do is keep fighting on. I’m sure Elysia will be sending more mercenaries soon as well. I know she was still recruiting even after we’d left,” Vince said reassuringly.

“Now, what can I do to help you, my general?”

Petra gave him a soft smile and ducked her head to him. “This one… I… thank you, dear,” Petra murmured. “Stay for a few more minutes, and then you would best be used to help heal our wounded. Our magical resources are very low right now.”

Vince nodded his head and squeezed Petra’s hand again, then said nothing. Simply enjoying sitting with her.

Eventually Petra stood up and led him out of the room they were in. Several turns and a hallway later and Vince found himself in the rear section of the wooden fort.

There, laid out on beds, blankets, and bedrolls, were the wounded of Yosemite.

Dryads, High Elves, Wood Elves, and Dark Elves were spread throughout. They were all working to stabilize, treat, and heal their compatriots.

“I…” Vince started, then swallowed heavily. He hadn’t expected there to be so many. Raising his voice, Vince took several steps forward. “Soldiers of Yosemite!”

All throughout heads turned towards him. Eyes lit up with recognition as they realized Vince was here again.

“I thank you for your service. I’m here to assist in whatever way I can. Could someone please lead me to whoever is in charge of leading the efforts here?”

A Dryad he had only a vague recollection of came and became his escort. Walking him around to power up Dryads and Elves alike who were working on patients who were worse off.

Vince did so, speaking with patients and healers as he went. Hours went by and there seemed to be no end of those who needed his magic.

The maimed, wounded, and beaten soldiers of Yosemite were all that he saw.

When night settled in, Vince finally had a chance to take a break. Sneaking out the back, he wandered off towards the rear wall. Crossing into an empty section with no roof overhead, Vince settled down onto the grass and looked upward.

The night sky was bright. Clear.

Empty and without the pain and suffering he’d seen in the faces of his people.

As they day had gone on, he’d gotten a better idea of what had happened.

They’d left Yosemite with roughly seven thousand people from Yosemite. A thousand of those being mercenaries.

A thousand being sent south and coming back with about two thousand Undead was a questionable trade.

The enemy, by what reports they could dig up, started with eight thousand. Their numerical advantage wasn’t enough to change anything.

And it was also why Petra had been willing to build a fort and settle down.

He’d also made the mistake of asking about casualties.

Six hundred deaths so far in the ugly grind between the strongholds.

Even Kitch had lost two people somehow.

The losses were piling up, and the enemy had lost as much if not just slightly more.

“Will I conquer Verix simply to rule over a city of corpses?” Vince wondered to no one, staring into the sky.

Once again his thoughts drifted towards wondering if this had been a good idea.

Or a terrible one.

A thump shook him as Ramona dropped from the sky to land in the grass next to him.

“Depends,” she said, her reptilian eyes glowing in the darkness. “If you can’t get them to surrender, it’s likely. Do you care?”

Blinking, Vince stared at the Dragonnewt for a second. “I do. What’s the point in conquering them, if it’s only to have an empty city? And in doing so, will I not throw my own people onto the sacrificial altar, so to speak? It’s starting to feel more and more like a pyrrhic victory.”

“A what?” Ramona asked. She squatted down and dragged her claws through the grass.

“Er. To win, but at such a cost that I might as well have lost. Like fighting for a pair of shoes, and losing your feet in the fight,” Vince said neutrally.

“Not all of us received an education,” hissed Ramona. “Some of us were simply left in the wild to fend for ourselves.”

“I said nothing about that. I only explained what I meant.”

Ramona wrinkled her nose at him. “I understand your point then. Yes, I could see how winning Verix could actually end up being a loss. I’m not sure what other options there are though?”

“They could surrender, as you yourself suggested.”

“That’d require you doing something that would force them into that. Do you have any ideas?” Ramona asked, her clawed fingers slicing back and forth through the grass.

“I don’t. No. From everything I’ve been able to find out, we’re very evenly matched.”

“That leaves a truce on the table. But that only puts the problem off for another day. Leaving enemies behind is the quickest way to get a blade in the tail,” Ramona said, her tail swishing behind her as if to emphasize her point.

Vince lay down on the grass completely and spread himself out.

“And here we are again. Back at fighting a war that I’m truly worried about,” Vince admitted.

“What will you do then?”

“Nothing. Because for all I know, we could turn around tomorrow and have an absolutely stunning victory. Things happen in wars. They’re wars.”

“Hmph. Seems a bit lazy, but I can’t say I blame you. The general feeling is everyone is growing weary of the fighting. The dying. Every day a portion of them march out into no man’s land to fight. Sometimes twice in one day. There is no reprieve. I can’t imagine our enemy is faring any better though,” Ramona grumbled.

She’s not wrong. The people of Yosemite have trained for this. Trained for battle. They’re physically ready for it.

But actually putting themselves in the crucible of war, fighting every day, watching companions fall. They’ve never experienced it in this fashion.

This would be the forging that strengthens them, or shatters them, I suppose.

All we can do is hope we come out the other side stronger than we were before.

And mostly in one piece.



The morning came clear and bright. Across the field, the gate of the enemy fort opened. Out came a portion of their troops, seemingly content to continue the war in the same fashion.

Vince watched from the wall, unsure of how he felt about it.

They seemed willing to step outside of their fortification and to take the field.

It was odd to him. It didn’t make sense. They could just as easily stay pinned up in their fort and wait.

“This one doesn’t understand why they’re intent on fighting. A number of Fairies were sent to spy on Verix,” Petra said from beside him. “Their citizens aren’t completely behind this war. This one believes they’re working on a deadline. They also have a numerical advantage. If they continue to force us into combat and draw even odds, they’ll eventually win by that alone.”

“So why go out and meet them at all?” Vince asked.

“This one must report that they have greater siege capability then we do. If we stay in our fort, they begin bombarding it.

“Their own people are siege weapons given enough time. To stay in our defenses is to invite a magical duel, which we would neither win nor lose, but it would cost us,” Petra explained matter-of-factly. “Luckily they have not discovered this, though they may begin to suspect it.”

“I see. That… I had no idea they were so magically proficient. My understanding was magic was more a matter of training than a simple ability,” Vince admitted.

Fes shook her head with a growl, standing on the other side of Vince. “None of our reports even suggested it.”

Petra took in a slow breath and then let it out as her troops marched out of the fort to battle again. To throw themselves at the enemy. To keep them engaged and not bombarding them with magic.

This was a war of attrition in every way.

And they were going to lose it.

“Petra, you’re the general here, and I don’t mean to second guess you, but isn’t it time to change the conditions of the war? It seems fairly obvious that this is what they wish. That this is their goal. And that we’re paying the price for that. So… why don’t we change it?” Vince asked as carefully as he could.

The soldier ant nodded her head slowly. “In truth, this one was waiting for your return before doing anything. She… couldn’t keep her thoughts straight. This one has failed up to this point,” Petra muttered. “This one will correct those mistakes now. This will be our last battle on the field.”

Petra backed up and then slipped off the wall, disappearing into the courtyard below.

“Felicity!” called Petra from below.

Time for a change.





Chapter 34



The battle between the forts went about as Vince had expected. A slow grind that did nothing other than bleed lives for both sides. Yosemite pushed, and then Verix pushed.

Magic was fairly limited and most of the fighting was done with normal weapons.

Though this would be the last battle like this. Plans to change the victory conditions had been drawn up, and executed.

Petra had abandoned the fort almost as soon as the battle started. She had her entire force exit through the rear of her position unnoticed.

Even before the battle had been concluded, the forces of Yosemite were on the move in the field. Driving north, they began a long looping flank around the stone fortress. Utilizing the terrain as best as they could to hide numbers and movement.

It was a push towards the rear of the enemy. Moving directly towards the path to Verix. Even though the city was far away, the hope was the threat would be real in the minds of the High Elves.

Especially if they could get to where the road split through the mountains. The pass was a straight shot towards Verix and the shortest one available.

Not very many people would need to be left behind to hold the pass for a number of days. To delay and hold whatever force came second.

Vince viewed the whole thing as a gamble. A gamble that relied on understanding the enemy’s mindset. Petra wanted to draw the enemy out of their fort and clash in the fields. It was what she was betting the lives of her people on.

In those fields was where her greater mobility could be better used. That she could position the enemy and flank it repeatedly while utilizing Frit.

The enemy eventually saw the flank, and reacted. They left their defenses and streamed out into the field, seemingly desperate to catch or halt Petra’s advance.

Petra was right in her estimation of her opponent.

Being more of a bystander to the entire thing, Vince could only watch. He saw as it started to head towards the ultimate conclusion where the battle would be commenced. When everything would spiral out of control.

Frit’s command became a running screen for Petra, skirmishing repeatedly with Verix’s army and keeping the two armies separated. Acting as if all they wanted to do was to keep Verix at a distance and rush the pass.

Eventually Frit pulled his people back further than he had previously after a particularly fierce clash. It was a planned tactic, one set to draw in Verix.

Once again, Petra’s planning proved to be correct. Verix’s army pushed in, trying to bring this running fight to a standstill and force an engagement.

“Perfect. It’ll be now that we attack,” Petra said, her head tilted to one side as she watched the enemy across the field.

“What’ll be now?” Vince asked.

“Our Undead. Gerard went out with them before the army set out. He’ll remain in safe position, as he’s no combatant, but he’ll be guiding them. They’re waiting for this exact moment. They’re low to the ground on the next rise,” Petra said.

Surprised, Vince set his attention back to the enemy.

She’s planned this out rather well. Very well. And everything is going as she expected.

According to whatever pre-established scenario Petra had put together, Frit’s unit began to furiously engage rather than pull back as they’d done previously. At the same time, the High Elves were approaching the apex of a small hill on their flank.

As the battle went up in tempo, the far right edge of the army of Verix came to a dead stop. Something locked them in place even as the middle of their army kept pressing into them.

The Undead had sprung into action, launching themselves at that flank and tearing into it.

Petra turned and commanded her entire force into a single minded charge. Her mages utilized spells to dispense orders to everyone, who responded quickly.

The High Elf line shifted, magic booming out as they got the fight they’d been wanting. They were spending resources they normally held in reserve. A tired mage was an easy target.

I imagine this isn’t quite what they wanted. Fighting on two fronts already, and one of those being Undead.

Screams, shouts, and the crash of weapons were deafening even from this distance.

Vince pulled up short as Petra and her command group stopped far from the front. Apparently this was as close as she wanted to get.

That’s right, Vinny. You’re not a warrior anymore. We don’t get to fight on the front line.

We’re a king now, and as such we must rely on our people. Rely on them to do what we desire of them.

Beastmen, Ratkin, Elves, Orcs, Humans, and all the races of Yosemite were being slain as they sought to kill their foes.

Even if I can only watch them die while fulfilling my desires.

The rest of Yosemite’s forces slammed into the left flank of Verix, tearing into the High Elves who simply weren’t prepared to be fighting on both flanks and their center.

Almost as soon as they were embattled on every side, the ground fell out from beneath Yosemite’s soldiers.

Large swathes of earth simply vanishing, the men and women of Yosemite ended up in a vast pit. It stretched from the left flank all the way to the center point.

“Magic,” Leila said.

On the right flank, the Verix magicians detonated a massive amount of magical energy, the Undead over there disintegrating under the force of it.

“This one fears… that this is not a good victory. Not one we’d choose,” Petra murmured. Smoke billowed up from the position the Undead had been inhabiting only moments before.

Nothing stirred.

“That was a great deal of magical power to unleash,” Leila said in an amazed voice. “I’d bet on that actually killing several of their mages, unless they spread it out to even the soldiers.”

So much so that they can’t even stay to utilize their advantage.

Vince couldn’t help but feel nervous when he saw his people fall in those pits. They were at the mercy of High Elves above them and would have a tough time getting back out, let alone defending themselves.

That icy fear left immediately when it became clear the Elves weren’t interested. Even though the soldiers of Yosemite were at a severe disadvantage.

The Elves must have been beyond magically spent. Their power had to be drained to the point of critical concern.

Stumbling off towards the pass, the army of Verix escaped the trap, and forsook the advantage they’d gained.

In a telling move that perhaps explained how concerned they were, they left behind several hundred High Elves on the ground.

Both those that were killed and those who were only wounded.

Frowning, Vince wasn’t sure how to count this. They’d clearly lost a staggering amount of the Undead, if not all of them.

Thousands of Undead that they couldn’t call on again.

But neither did they take many losses from the main body of Yosemite’s forces.

Fes growled and then flipped a dismissive hand at the retreating High Elves’ backs.

“Fine, we dislodged them from their pile of rocks. Now they’re in the field where they’re running, and we’ll keep hitting them at every chance. They’ll try to outrun us, and keep moving. Tiring themselves out and losing the wounded with every fight.

“When they reach the pass first, they’ll hold it. We can engage them there, or go around them through the hills in a long flank. Rather than be encircled, they’ll retreat backwards. Back towards Verix. No doubt they’ll reach it before we do. We’ll besiege them, and starve them out. They’ll be forced to surrender at the end,” Fes said angrily.

Petra hesitated, then nodded her head slowly. Yosemite’s general agreed with Fes’ assessment of the situation. Seemingly feeling like it would go more or less as stated.

Vince couldn’t deny it either.

The problem was, it was unlikely that the city would surrender, until it had no other recourse. At that point, it’d be a city of the dead and dying.

A worthless, empty city.

And if we try to take it, to simply take it by force, we bleed our own people dry.

There are no good options here.

So what do I do.

What do I do.

Sinking into his thoughts, Vince withdrew mentally and let everyone else handle the current situation.



As if Fes were prophetic, the campaign started to go exactly as she’d suggested. The only thing she hadn’t predicted was the constant rear screen the Verix army employed.

A constant trail of corpses and wounded were being bled from both sides. Though it did favor Yosemite. More so when you considered that Gerard happily took every corpse of Verix and put them into his Undead legion.

They could recover their wounded and treat them. Verix couldn’t. They didn’t have the time or luxury to treat their wounded. If they couldn’t keep up the pace with the army, they’d be left behind.

There was no other option for them.

Days passed by as this grinding, bloody chase continued. Vince could do nothing but watch as it happened. His only duties were to empower the Elves and Dryads so they could heal the wounded to the point that they could continue. Then wait.

Wait for something that the king of Yosemite could do.

For that moment to come.

Unfortunately it never did. He was still waiting when they were suddenly found themselves within sight of the gates of Verix.

“I don’t remember the walls being so tall,” Vince said, staring up at the city-state fortress of Verix.

“You had your back to it last time as you scurried away,” Ramona said with a smirk. “This time, we’ve walked up to it with the intent of claiming it for ourselves.”

“Red sees a silk swaddled messenger boy,” said the Cursed One. She sunk low to the ground, her hips waggling as she readied herself to pounce.

You know, her vocabulary keeps improving. I wonder if she’s just picking that up from conversation.

Off in the distance was an Elven man on a horse. Even from this distance, you could tell he was dressed richly and stank of overindulgence. He was riding slowly down the road towards what could only end up being Petra’s waiting hands.

Has to be an emissary or a negotiator.

“Don’t attack,” Vince said, laying his right hand on Red’s head. He scratched at her ears gently. “Let’s hear what they say. There’s no harm in it, and I doubt one High Elf is any threat to us. Sam, take a wing and let Petra know.”

He’d somehow managed to convince Petra and Fes to let him be a forward scout with his squad. If he’d been forced to remain in the camp for any longer, he probably would have lost his mind at the helplessness of it.

Being able to participate was a blessing.

“’Kay!” shouted Sam. Leaping off his shoulder she took off towards the command post for Petra.

“Leila, do you have any type of shielding you can put around him? So that if he does try something, it’ll collapse back on him?” Vince asked. Standing up he walked slowly over to the path that the rider was taking.

“No. My specialty lies in… in corruption,” Leila said, floating along beside him on her disc.

“I ever tell you how strange it is to have a lovely Gnome like yourself who specializes in murder?” Vince said with a smirk, catching her eyes with his own.

She snorted and made a face at him. “We don’t get to choose what we’re good at, only what we do with it.”

“Fair,” Ramona agreed. Her wings stretching out behind her.

“Red likes hunting and killing. Red doesn’t like war,” said the Beastkin.

Stopping in the middle of the road, Vince decided waiting right here would be fine.

His squad arranged themselves around him, looking vengeful and ready. The only one who didn’t was Mouth, she stayed in Vince’s shadow.

She was armed with a staff very similar to Meliae’s. They’d also managed to get her into a set of leather armor that would fit her.

At the same time they outfitted Mouth, Vince had changed out his gear. He finally gave up his leather armor, since it was ruined anyways, and donned a brigandine chest-piece. It was something he could move around in, wouldn’t rattle terribly, and provided more protection. It was quilted cloth with plates riveted between. For his arms and legs, he wore similar armor, though the plates were significantly smaller. Almost studs.

There was no hiding that everyone was surprised and pleased with the change. Even if Vince personally disliked it, he was glad to make them feel better.

The Elf had noticed them a while ago, and didn’t change his speed or decorum. In Vince’s point of view, the little peacock puffed himself up even more upon being noticed.

Well, aren’t you a brave fool. Don’t you fear being killed at all?

Drawing his blade from its sheath, Vince let it hang in his fingertips. He’d be ready regardless.

“He stinks of confidence,” Ramona muttered. “And cologne.”

Fighting down a grin, Vince waited.

Sam came back and settled down on his shoulder.

“The general sends her best wishes, and wishes you good luck in the negotiations,” Sam whispered in his ear.

There wasn’t any time to ask questions, as the Elf was now within earshot.

Stopping ten feet away he held tight to the reins as he stared down at Vince and company.

“Go get your general, or an emissary, or that filthy king of yours,” demanded the Elf.

Vince raised his eyebrows at that.

He’s lucky Kitch isn’t here.

“You’re looking at him. Vince of Yosemite. Now tell me why this filthy king of theirs shouldn’t pull your guts out and strangle you to death with them,” Vince said.

Amusingly to Vince, that had an effect on the man. He sat up straight, his hands tightening on the reins.

“You wouldn’t dare!” exclaimed the Elf.

“Leila, the horse,” Vince said.

A purple arrow shot forward with a softly spoken rhyme. It hit the front of the horse’s chest and then vanished.

Only a second later, the horse dropped. Its legs splayed out underneath it and its head hit the dirt.

“Again. Why shouldn’t I pull your guts out and strangle you with them? Or feed you to a Troll I know. She’s told me before she’s willing to eat Elves for me,” Vince said. Moving forward he closed the distance between himself and the Elf in only a few paces.

“I-I-I- that is…” the Elf sputtered, disentangling himself from the dead mount.

“You what. Thought that you could insult me and receive no punishment? Think again. You have ten seconds,” Vince said, putting the tip of his saber to the man’s throat.

“Verix is willing to negotiate peace!” shrieked the Elf. “A neutral agreement and cessation of hostilities!”

“Oh? And why would I accept that? Verix began this by attacking my caravans. You killed my people. Stole from me. Why would I ever allow that without Verix paying?” Vince asked.

I could accept this and everyone could go home. But I’d be leaving an enemy at my back. One that attacked me without warning and without declaration of war.

A nation that would wait for an opportunity to attack, and then do so.

No. We’ll not accept such a silly form of peace.

“Uh… ah, yes. Verix would be willing to pay restitution for everyone slain, as well as the costs for the caravan,” the Elf conceded quickly.

“And? What’s to prevent Verix from attacking again? Nothing. There is nothing you can offer that would grant me and my people peace of mind. So… let’s end this.

“Take off all your clothes, though you can keep your underwear, and start heading back. You can tell them what my response is,” Vince said. “And that is, ‘I will see the light fade from your eyes, as I take your head from your shoulders.’ Got it?”

“Y-y-yes. Got it,” the Elf said numbly.

“Good. Hurry up and strip, then get the hell out of here. Before I change my mind,” Vince said, letting his blade fall from the Elf’s neck.

It wasn’t until the Elf was walking back to Verix, minus his clothes, that Vince relaxed.

“Red doesn’t understand why you made him strip,” said the Cursed One.

“A lesson in humility. That’s all,” Vince admitted.

“I’m glad you didn’t take the offer. Though I tire of this war, it would be a bad decision to leave them as they are now. Leave no enemy behind you,” Ramona said, folding her arms across her chest.

“Yeah. Pretty much that… leaving them as they are would simply be postponing this battle. And there’s no guarantee next time we’ll be in the same position of power,” Vince said. Running a hand through his hair Vince walked off the road, moving into the side of the field opposite where they’d been previously.

No need to give away our previous position if no one noticed it. Especially since this isn’t the end of anything.





Chapter 35



The siege camp had long since become calm and still. Verix was surrounded and being strangled slowly. Petra had made sure to even put the siege lines further than the effective range of the Verix mages.

That, coupled with the fact that the Dryads who had come with the army erected wooden barricades and defenses within the second day of their arrival, made it so that the possibility of casualties was unlikely.

They were into the second week of the siege now. There had been no attempt at communications since then, and there didn’t seem to be any desire from Verix to speak. Nor had there been any real combat.

A flight of arrows here, a fireball there, but nothing that would actually be considered a fight.

Even those tapered off rather quickly when it was clear neither side accomplished anything with it.

Sighing, Vince looked at the group of people assembling in the field behind him.

“This is a bad idea, and I don’t like it,” Fes said plaintively.

“To be honest I’m not very fond of it either, but I’m the only one who could charge them up in the field,” Vince countered for perhaps the fifth time. “And if it succeeds, hopefully they’ll understand that this is only the beginning. That it could be completed again. Then, maybe then, they’ll decide to surrender.”

“This one is curious to see if the plan will work. She has no better ideas at this time either, so she’s willing to try for her master’s sake,” Petra said.

Her demeanor didn’t match her words though, she was clearly ill at ease with the plan.

“It’ll be fine. I mean, we go up there, the mages use a really big spell to blow a hole in the wall, then we retreat. I’m only there to provide a recharge if they don’t think what they have is enough. And Kitch and her people will be there. Do you really think Kitch would let anything happen to me?” Vince asked.

“No. She wouldn’t,” Fes grumbled.

“There we go then. Now, I’m going to take my squad over there and get situated.” Vince saluted Petra crisply and went off.

He could feel Petra’s and Fes’ eyes burning holes in his back as he left.

Red sauntered up beside him and slammed her hip into his.

“They fear for you,” Red said.

“Yeah, I know. Kinda goes with the territory,” Vince said, taking a second to reach down and scratch Red’s tail.

“Red doesn’t understand it. Red… Red had memories of before she was Red,” said the Cursed One slowly. “Recently, Red has flashes of memory. Of before. Before she was Red. They’re very few but… they’re there.”

Vince felt his eyebrows crawl upwards at the admission.

Leila had told him that Red hadn’t started out as a Cursed One. She’d become a Cursed One at some point because she died while under the effects of a curse. Given her body and looks, Vince wasn’t quite sure who would put a curse on her.

Then again, he’d never met anyone from her race before.

“I see. Does that bother you?” Vince asked, stopping and giving Red his full attention.

“Red doesn’t think so. The memories come more often when Red eats more frequently. Would… would you be willing to feed Red more than once a day? Red would like to see her memories. If it’s easier, Red would be willing to be fed like she used to be. If you don’t want to use Green or Mouth.”

Vince smirked at that and laid his hand atop Red’s head and began to carefully rub the base of her ears.

“I don’t mind at all. I don’t think it’d be too hard to feed you for breakfast and sometime before dinner,” Vince said.

Red nodded her head against his hand. Tilting her neck downward she forced his hand onto the crown of her head. Rolling her head this way and that, she got his fingers into the spots she wanted them to be.

“Your evenings are busy with your… your mates. Red understands. Red has never had a mate.”

Vince didn’t disagree with that statement. His nights had been an everlasting chain since the first challenge night a long time ago.

Speaking of, they don’t even have a challenge night anymore. I wonder what happened there. I’ll have to ask Meliae. She’ll tell me what happened. Maybe Petra finally gave up and was happy to be the second in command?

“Red wonders if you’ll be selecting Felicity, Ramona, and Leila as mates as well?”

The sudden question broke through his thoughts. Vince couldn’t help but freeze.

“I think I have enough mates, don’t you?” he asked, flicking the top of her head gently.

“Red can smell their desire. They would not say no,” said the Cursed One. “Red would not say no.”

With that bombshell of a statement, Vince immediately turned and began walking back towards Kitch.

Not touching that one right now. Not even going to think about it.

Red caught up to him in a heartbeat and smashed her hip into his side again. Then she curled her tail up around his waist.

Up ahead, Kitch and her people stood at attention. Ramona, Leila, and Mouth all loitered to one side. In front of Kitch and her Heavies were thirty Elven mages.

“Everything is ready,” Leila said, seated on her floating disc. “We can begin as soon as you like.”

“Let’s get rolling then. Kitch, you’re in charge of our defenses. Leila, you’re running the magical aspect. I’m here to assist if necessary, but hopefully this’ll be an in-and-out job,” Vince said.

Kitch’s face tightened up at the orders. She saluted, then barked orders out.

Ogres and Trolls in heavy plate mail turned to the right, then began to march in a column formation. As they passed Vince and the Elves, the interior of the column opened up as the Heavies filtered themselves through their line to make room.

Moving into that space, the Elves filed in behind their large defenders. Vince and his squad took up the position directly behind the Elves.

In no time at all, the column made its way out of the camp, and into the field in front of Verix.

“Up!” bellowed Kitch.

As one, the Heavies in the front lifted their shields up. Every rank after that lifted their shields above their heads. Those on the sides shifted their shields around to cover the flanks.

The rattle and thud of arrows impacting the shields could be heard. Arrows fell through the cracks after having spent their force on the shields, causing no harm at all.

“Rather sturdy,” Leila said, peering up at the ceiling of shields above them.

“I would say that’s an understatement. The overlap on those things is considerable, and to them, the weight is nothing. If I had three hundred of them, I could probably take over the continent,” Vince said.

Hearing his words, the Heavies perked up. It was obvious to everyone that even the simplest praise from their King, who treated them as his bodyguards and elite forces, did much for their morale.

Then a boom sounded from the front, and orange light washed over everything

“Magic!” Kitch called out.

Several mages near the front pushed their way up between the Heavies. No further spells detonated on the shields. The mages who’d gone forward were actively working to cancel each and every spell lobbed their way.

After a minute or so of such work, the mages came to the back of the column, while replacements moved up.

Vince immediately took hold of each mage and began charging them back up. There was no reason not to spend some energy to make sure they could remain in the fight.

Inexorably, the Heavies stomped towards their goal.

“Positions!” Kitch yelled.

The Heavies changed their stance and practically took a knee in a low squat. Their shields formed a wall and there was almost no gap between.

“I suppose that’s it then. You’re up, Leila,” Vince said, looking up from the mage he was re-energizing.

Leila frowned and stared at him for a moment, her huge eyes glittering in the shaded light. Without a word, she ducked between the mages and went to work.

“Red,” Vince said.

“Red will go,” said the Cursed One, not even having to be asked. Slinking away from him, Red followed after Leila.

The mages began laying a hand on the Elf in front of them. It chained all the way back to the mage Vince was charging up.

Letting his hand drop, he watched as the Elves stood there, unmoving.

He knew they were more than likely channeling energy, but he couldn’t feel it. Couldn’t see it.

But he knew they were. They all had looks of intense concentration to their faces.

His hair started to crackle, and stand up on end as if he’d gotten a huge static charge.

Ramona grumbled and rubbed her arms with her hands, clearly feeling the same strange current in the air.

Is this an actual manifestation of what they’re powering up? Is it a giant fireball or a—

A boom cracked the air. The world flashed white as what could only be a gigantic lightning bolt was let loose upon the wall of Verix.

There was a crash followed by a rumble.

Moving out from around the column, Vince couldn’t help himself. He had to see what had happened.

Peering out from behind an Ogre, he laid eyes on the wall of Verix.

And was shocked.

Lightning danced and crackled up and down the wall as if it were alive.

There, however, between two towers, was an enormous gap. The wall hadn’t just been breached, it’d been annihilated.

Nearby a thump that rattled his teeth got his attention. Looking over he found it was a block of stone.

Stone from the wall.

Falling from the sky due to the explosion.

Scurrying back under the shields, Vince gave Ramona a lopsided smile.

“It worked. Now we just have to get out of here. Kitch! Double us back out before they make a move,” Vince called up to the front of the line.

To her credit, Kitch was ready.

“Positions! Disengage!” the Troll ordered.

As one, the Heavies stood up, then began slowly walking back the way they came in the same formation they’d arrived in. The Elves were staggering, but mobile.

The clatter and ping of stones smashing into the shields was ominous, but none actually broke through or struck anyone.

Red rejoined him, carrying Leila. Upon catching up to him, she handed the Gnome off to Vince.

“Red wants you to hold her, she can defend,” said the Cursed One.

Leila stared up at Vince from his shoulder.

“Seems like I’m carrying you everywhere lately,” Vince muttered, holding tightly to Leila.

“Sorry. Guided it. Took the recoil,” Leila said into his shoulder.

“That’s fine. Just… rest, we’ll be back in camp soon enough,” Vince said.

Success. Now… do we have to do it again, or do they find themselves willing to compromise?



No messenger came, no request for a meeting or talks.

Verix moved the rubble to create a berm, and then pretended as if nothing had changed.

Petra gave them an entire twenty-four hours before coming to see him. She waltzed right into his tent as if she belonged there. Moving straight to the work table he was sitting at, she didn’t waste any time.

“This one must proceed. They are not willing to surrender yet,” Petra said.

“Yeah, does seem that way,” Vince agreed. Laying his left hand flat on the table, he ran his index finger along the missing part of his hand. “You’d think having part of their wall literally blown up would give them an idea of what’s coming.

“But if I had to guess. They’ll wait for us to try it again. If they can stop us from doing it then, that means they’re right in believing that they don’t have to surrender. If they can’t… maybe that’d be the turning point for them.”

Petra clasped one hand in the other and looked at the ground. Her height dipped as she lowered herself closer to the ground.

It was a habit of hers he’d noticed that she did when she was in deep thought.

Letting her think, Vince toyed with the report in front of him.

He’d sent Ratkin and Fairies into the city of Verix. He’d wanted intelligence, scouting, and a determination of what was going on inside those walls.

What he’d gotten back was a bleak tale indeed. The citizens were being forced to give up their pantries. All of their food and drink.

Anything that could be considered edible, really.

Everything was being stored by the military, and rationed back out. Much of the poor or those in the lower strata of society were being overlooked already.

Didn’t take long for martial law to be enacted. It’s not that their tactics are wrong either… it’s just… going to make it so much the worse for those at the bottom.

And that was only what was visible from the streets. What his Ratkin discovered was that certain unsavory individuals were selling food back to the very people it was stolen from.

Except at quadruple the price that it would have cost to buy the item at market.

The council did little in the way of keeping the military from abusing the citizenry as well. Things were getting ugly.

Very ugly.

So much so that the Ratkin had interceded at one point to stop an attempted rape. They’d killed the soldier and dragged the body away, begging for the woman’s silence.

Those particular Ratkin had brought themselves to Vince for punishment, who immediately dispensed justice.

An extra token for when they returned to Yosemite, and a stern warning that they could very well have given their presence in the city away.

The city was in the process of tearing itself apart.

And there was nothing Vince could do to stop it, other than sacrificing his own soldiers.

Yet if we do nothing, it really will become a city of the dead rather quickly.

“This one will seek Leila’s council. She wonders if we can conduct the same operation from much further away. Limiting our risk,” Petra said.

“Oh? Alright. I think she was examining Red last I saw,” Vince said, staring at the report still. His mind was full of all the horrible things that were going on in Verix by his hand. “I’ll go with you. It’d be good to stretch the legs. Get the mind off that report.”

Petra shook her head grimly.

“When the soldiers start treating the citizens as they are, no one wins. The city will be awash with blood one way or the other, unless this ends soon. This one only hopes that they listen to reason,” Petra said. Standing up, she backed up out of the tent.

Getting up, Vince joined her as they set off to find Leila.

Fortunately it wasn’t hard to do so. She was in her tent and working with what looked like a purple oval that surrounded Red.

Looking up from her work on the Cursed One, Leila blinked her large eyes owlishly.

“General? Vince?” Leila asked.

“This one wishes to get your opinion on magical matters,” Petra said, dropping herself all the way to the ground so that she didn’t tower over the Gnome.

Red smiled at Vince from the table, her red eyes flashing.

“Red sees you, Bringer,” said the Beastkin.

“I see you, too, Red. Any news from our local magical expert?” he asked.

Red shook her head and frowned. “No. Red doesn’t care though. Red is happy.”

“Oh? In what field exactly?” Leila asked. Letting her hands drop to her sides, the purple field faded from around Red.

“This one wanted to ask if you could repeat yesterday’s attack, but from much further away,” Petra stated, diving straight into the conversation.

“Uhhh?” Leila frowned and lifted a hand to her mouth. “The reason we got in so close is that lightning is… not a very accurate weapon. It could end up shooting off in an entirely unwanted direction. We could try using boulders or water, but it wouldn’t have the same explosive power.”

“Is it possible to make it work, if you used more mages?” Petra asked.

She seemed rather determined to get this worked out from a much further distance than previously.

“Yes, but the problem is that it leaves few mages able to defend us from magical attacks of the enemy. That’s the whole reason we did it the way we did,” explained the Gnome.

Petra crossed her arms and looked off to one side, her antennae bobbing slowly.

“This one feels that attempting to utilize the same attack again will only bring down the might of Verix on you. She will write up the orders for all mages to be present to discharge a bolt of lightning from the back of the camp,” Petra said confidently. Standing up straight, she saluted Vince, nodded her head to Leila and Red, and left.

“Red smells the anxiety on her. Even if she acts confident, she is not,” Red said, laying her head back down on the bed and closing her bright eyes.

If someone says they’re not anxious about a plan, then they’re lying.





Chapter 36



Every Elf in the camp had been called to help with the attack.

As had a number of soldiers.

Kitch and her people formed a line out in front, backed up by their less armored companions from Frit’s command.

Behind that was every Elf who could push magic.

It was a massive undertaking, and Vince was at the rear of it all. One hand on each mage in front of him and ready to dump whatever power he could into the system they were creating.

At the forefront was Leila, who was working with another High Elf to shape and guide the bolt of lightning.

Unfortunately, the High Elves of Verix, while prideful, were not blind. They saw the goings on in the field. They probably had a fair of idea of what was going to happen as well.

Though to Vince it was a shock when they came charging out of Verix. Out of the very hole that had been blown open in their wall.

Moving at a jog, they held their shields, and managed to keep a loose formation.

There were a number of calls from the front lines as they shifted. Vince moved his position as everyone adjusted to meet the incoming attack with a straight line.

“Power up the spell!” Leila called out.

Every Elf he could see bowed their heads, and seemed locked in concentration.

Vince opened up his grove and began dumping power into the two Elves in front of him.

A soft whump could be heard as a ball of lightning no bigger than two inches came to life.

Through sheer luck, Vince was on a slight incline and could actually see the front line as it engaged the Elves. Swords and shields crashed as people began dying.

The Elves hadn’t been ready for this fight, and had come without magic or ranged abilities. The two lines of warriors quickly turning into a slaughter as the Elves fought to stop the attack, and Yosemite’s soldiers fought to protect it.

Kitch and her people held the center as if they were a bulwark of immovable steel. Any who came to her part of the line were repelled or killed.

Suddenly the magic flowing out of Vince doubled as something began actively pulling on it.

Looking up at Leila, he felt concern grow in his heart.

Leila and the Elf were visibly losing control over the ball of lightning. It had grown to be nearly two feet in size.

The amount of power it held was frightening now, and it clearly was struggling to break free and blast out.

Leila was hunched over it, her hands moving back and forth as she hummed and sang inaudibly.

Vince could only watch. He truly had no aptitude for spellcasting, he was a battery at best, and an explosion at worst.

Then the only piece of jewelry Leila wore exploded. Her most recent conduit had failed.

“Send it!” shouted Leila, making a swiping motion with her hand even as the ring fell to bits in the grass.

The Elf next to her made the same gesture, and the ball of lightning zipped up and over the mad press of bodies and violence.

It arced through the air, spitting, hissing, crackling.

Amazingly, everyone paused to watch the ball of electrical death sail through the air.

Spinning crazily, it shifted as it went, at one moment looking like it would go over the wall, and the next into the dirt.

As it passed over the wall it dropped right on top of the central gate.

Bright white intense light blinded everyone.

The boom of the explosion could be felt even from this distance.

Throwing an arm across his eyes, Vince closed them tight against that flash of death.

Waiting a handful of seconds, Vince opened his eyes again to see the damage.

The gate was simply gone. The two fortified columns that flanked it were torn asunder. Half of the stones that they were made up of fractured, and the other half… somewhere else.

Bits of stone and rubble began raining down from above.

Looking to his people, he found Leila was collapsed on the ground. The Elves were all wavering drunkenly, as if they’d been on all night benders.

With pre-existing orders, Frit’s people began scooping up the Elves and carrying them off back to the siege lines.

Vince darted forward and grabbed up Leila. Spinning on his heel, he pressed her tight to his chest and made a straight sprint back towards the siege camp. His goal was her tent, and giving her time to recover.

She’d told him in the past that when a conduit breaks, it would almost always create some backlash as the spell is severed.

Looking over his shoulder, he was shocked to find that the entire force that Verix had launched was retreating back to their broken walls.

Whatever price was paid on both sides was probably unpleasant, but they managed to hit the wall again.

Let’s hope their pride doesn’t go before the fall, and they send someone over to talk.



The next day, no one came.

Nothing changed.

Vince waited where the road from the main gate led into the siege camp.

He’d even gone so far as to bring out a table with chairs for two. There would be no mistaking that this was a clear invitation to come and speak.

His people whispered about it, that their King was giving them more respect than they deserved. That to keep him waiting like this was an insult given what they’d done to the walls of Verix.

And no one came down from Verix.

Sitting in his chair, Vince waited until even the faint light of sunset was gone. Then he ordered torches lit and he remained. He was determined to give them the entire day, to do all that he could to end this without making it a slaughter. To cut the butcher’s bill short.

To give them a way out.

And still, no one came.

Vince did not leave his seat until the moon set, and the torches went out. Then, and only then, did the King of Yosemite retreat to his tent.

The muttering was audible as he lay down. His people were mad that the people of Verix had kept him waiting for the better part of eighteen hours, and sent no one to speak with him.

Closing his eyes, Vince dropped off sooner than he thought possible given the circumstances.

Almost as quickly as he fell asleep, he was already being woken up.

Glaring up at whoever it was, Vince caught the barest hint of light through the open flap of his tent.

“What?” Vince grouched, staring at the shadowed form hovering over him.

“Ratkin scouts coming,” Ramona said softly. “Thought you should be awake to receive them. There was some commotion last night in the city, just before the dawn.”

“Mmm. Alright,” Vince said. Sliding out of his bedroll Vince stood up and rubbed at his face.

“Give it two minutes and they’ll be here. Quick buggers,” Ramona said before leaving the tent.

“Yeah. Thanks, Ramona. Appreciate it,” Vince said.

Sighing, Vince set to getting into his armor.

Another day of siege, or rushing into the teeth of the enemy.

Roughly two minutes later, Vince made it out of his tent and was immediately intercepted by the aforementioned Ratkin.

“King! King! We have news!” crowed the closest Ratkin.

“Good. Let’s meet up with the general so she can hear it as you tell the story. That way you don’t repeat yourself,” Vince said.

“General, good! We know where she is. Follow,” a different Ratkin said.

Vince nodded his head and allowed them to lead on. The Ratkin scampered off, moving through the tents, various tables, and soldiers with ease.

No sooner was Petra in sight than the Ratkin scampered ahead. With a practiced salute, they fell to attention. They stood stock still, waiting patiently for her attention.

Petra was decorated in her armor, looking every bit the warrior general she was. She was currently in the middle of speaking with an officer.

Felicity glanced at the Ratkin, then returned to her duties at Petra’s side, taking notes in her ledger.

Petra finished with whatever order she was giving and turned to the Ratkin.

“Report,” she commanded.

The Ratkin looked over as one to make sure Vince was nearby, then one stepped forward.

“A revolt! The citizens attacked and killed the entire chancellery,” said the Ratkin.

They did what? And how did they succeed at that? The military would have crushed them.

“The soldiers didn’t intervene?” Petra asked. Her tone of voice was curious. Vince could only imagine she had the same thoughts he did.

“They left!” said a different Ratkin before the first could respond. “They left during the middle of a late night meeting and… they just left!”

“They allowed it then. What does that mean exactly though. Are they now ruled by the army?” Petra mused, her head turning to look to the city.

“A King!” said the first Ratkin. “A King leads them now.”

“Huh?” Vince said articulately. “I didn’t even know they had a ruling family.”

“Yes. They said they’re of the Elven royal bloodline from the old world,” said the second Ratkin.

Petra and Vince both turned to look at Felicity.

The Dark Elf seemed confused at the conversation, then turned her attention to Vince. “The Elves once were one people. More similar to how we are in Yosemite. We did indeed have a ruling family. All the family members died in a civil war. There were rumors a single survivor of a branch family lived, but we all believed they were rumors,” said Felicity.

“It seems they weren’t rumors. Unless this person is simply claiming this heritage without being able to back it up,” Vince said, looking towards Verix.

“Supposedly… supposedly all members of the family were very distinct. A number of royal heirlooms are unaccounted for as well. I… I’m sorry. I don’t know very much. Stories from the old world never interested me so I didn’t pay them much attention,” Felicity apologized.

“No. No, no. Not something to be apologetic for. There was no way you could have suspected something like this. Well, I suppose all we c—” Vince paused midsentence as several people began clambering over the shattered gates of Verix.

Two were men, and one was a young woman.

“I need a table and four chairs, as well as breakfast suitable for important guests,” Vince said. Not waiting a second longer, he turned and jogged back to his tent to change into something more welcoming.

Maybe we can end this after all.

Only five minutes later and Vince had changed his clothes. He’d made it to stand beside his table with plenty of time before his guests arrived.

Vince truly hoped they were representatives of this new royal family. With any luck they might be willing to surrender and let this slaughter end.

Support staff laid out a meal that looked rather extravagant for a siege camp, and had places for four.

As they got closer, Vince found himself inspect the trio intently. Even going so far as seeing if he could glean anything from their minds.

Unfortunately their thoughts were guarded, and locked up tight.

Either news of his ability had spread, or they were simply paranoid about the possibility. Especially since it seemed Dragons could do the same.

The two men were dissimilar. One was in his elder years, and the other middle age. They were both dressed in rich clothes and carried themselves with a dignified air, but not an arrogant one.

Taking the lead was the middle-aged man who seemed as if stamped from the generic Elven template. There was nothing unique about him.

On the other hand, the older man one step behind was handsome despite his age. He radiated a charm and leadership that people had to practice to attain. He didn’t look like a normal Elf either. His skin tone was more that of a Wood Elf, and the coloring of his eyes and hair were that of a High Elf.

Behind those two was the woman. She didn’t look older than twenty. She was captivating and had the Elven build that they all seemed predisposed to.

That was where her similarities to Elves ended though. She was pretty in a way he’d never seen in an Elf. Her features were delicate and warm, while clearly a blend of all three races. She seemed to toe the line as a true Elven hybrid.

Her hair was a dark blonde with red streaks and her eyes a bright blue. She was dressed in a dress that reached her ankles, though her feet were intelligently in traveling boots.

Fighting back a smirk at the thought of the woman crawling over the broken rubble of the wall, Vince waited.

Soon they were standing before him, weaponless and clearly unsure of how to proceed.

So he’d do it for them.

“I’m Vince. King of Yosemite,” he said, not beating around the bush. “I’m here because Verix attacked my caravans while not in a state of war. I’ve come to put paid the price of that, and to make sure it never happens again. Who might you three be?”

The middle-aged man took two step forwards and bowed at the waist. “Your highness, may I present King Falaein and his daughter, Princess Yaris,” said the man, bowing low.

Vince quirked his eyebrow at that, but then bowed respectfully to King Falaein, and then to his daughter.

“To what do I owe the pleasure?” Vince asked. There was no reason to draw this out. Either they were here to surrender or not.

He couldn’t afford to leave an enemy at his back. Not with the Empire and the Tri-lliance on his doorstep in two directions.

Gesturing to the table, Vince took his seat and began eating from his tray.

“Please, eat,” he said, indicating the food.

Adjusting his clothes, Falaein took a seat and immediately began filling his plate.

“I appreciate the hospitality… may I call you Vince?” Falaein asked, looking up from under bushy white eyebrows.

“I’d prefer it. I may be a king now, but I was only a Ranger until recently.”

Falaein nodded his head at that. “Falaein will do for myself.

“Vince, thank you for the hospitality,” continued Falaein. Beside him, the unnamed man and the princess both sat down in seats.

“Of course,” Vince said.

“As I’m sure your spies have told you, there’s been a change in leadership within Verix. The council is dead, and I now rule in their stead,” Falaein admitted.

“Ok,” Vince said simply. There wasn’t much he could say or do with that.

“I want to discuss how we can come to an equitable peace, so that we can both let this situation lie,” Falaein said. Carefully carving out a section of smoked ham, the king ate politely, his eyes fastened on Vince.

“I’ll be honest with you, that’s not something I can agree to. Any type of peace that leaves Verix in a position where it can become an enemy again in the future isn’t something that can be allowed. You’ll forgive me, but it just… isn’t prudent after what happened previously.

“And while I understand that wasn’t your government, there is no guarantee it wouldn’t return after I left. My understanding is that the army allowed your coup. They could just as easily decide tomorrow you’re not needed,” Vince said bluntly.

The middle-aged man’s face turned red, taking Vince’s words as an insult. Princess Yaris’ lips pressed together into a thin line but she managed her response much more professionally.

King Falaein looked unfazed at his response.

If anything, he looked as if he were expecting it.

“I suppose that’s where we come to an impasse then. I can’t surrender Verix to you, and you can’t let it remain. It seems we’re going to be forced down an inexorable path of death,” King Falaein said as he maneuvered a strawberry into his mouth.

I suppose that’s the reality of it. They want their independence, and I want them squished. It’ll have to go down to the final death throes for them to truly surrender.

Their pride will truly go before the fall.

Resigning himself to it, Vince checked a sigh and began mentally making plans to tear down the entire outer wall.

If he was going to be forced to take a city of the dead, he might as well make it as easy as possible for his troops.

He could rebuild the walls later. Citizens would be the hard part.

“I wonder,” said the princess in a soft voice.

Both kings and the unnamed man turned to stare at the young woman.

“I wonder if we might be able to achieve both goals,” she said.

“I’m more than willing to listen to any idea you may have,” Vince said and sincerely meant it. He’d rather not slaughter a city, but he’d be damned if he left them as they were.

“You say that now… but… do you have vassals beneath you?” she asked.

“I do. I currently have several dukes. Though they in turn have vassals beneath them,” Vince said. Curious, he wondered where she was going with this line of questioning.

“What if my father were to pass on his titles to me, serve as a Ducal lord to you, and you were to marry me, allowing me to become your queen,” said the princess.

Vince said nothing, shocked.

The Princess took his silence as interested and leaned towards him.

“This would create a combined kingdom. We could simply call it Yosemite for simplicity’s sake. Though Verix would be a Ducal capital and also receive a some dowry benefits for being the home of your queen.

“Through our children, both our royal titles would pass on. The next for the throne becoming both prince or princess to the united kingdom of Yosemite, and the Queendom of the Elves,” explained the princess.

The king’s face had gone an ashen white at the suggestion. It was the only indicator at all that he hadn’t heard this plan before they’d come out here.

Vince opened his mouth and closed it again.

His mind span and swum with what she’d offered up. Which was herself, really.

Herself as a royal hostage so that Verix could be independent, and yet not at the same time.

It nearly alleviated all of the sticking points both men had with the situation.

But it didn’t solve them either.

Verix would remain able to break free again.

Yet it also would no longer be a kingdom or independent.

Neither man was getting what they wanted, but it allowed for a compromise.

Vince slowly shook his head with a frown.

“I confess, I already have a number of women who share my bed. Quite a few in fact. I already have children with a number of them,” Vince admitted. There was no point in belaboring this.

“Yet none are your queen, are they,” said the princess with a wolf-like grin.

“Ah… no. None of them have been crowned, I suppose,” Vince agreed.

“Then there we are. I shall be your queen. I’ll not disallow you to have your concubines. So long as you visit our bedchamber and work to give me a child. I would agree to that, and foreswear having any lovers other than you.”

And like that, she brushed away his concerns as if they never existed.

Vince couldn’t shake the feeling that this was all an elaborate set up by someone, but he couldn’t figure out who.

Would Fes and the others care? Would they tell me to reject this deal? Probably not.

Fes would tell me she’s unique, powerful, and gives us leverage. To claim her and make her mine for the sake of bolstering the strength of the kingdom.

The rest would follow her lead… but is it worth it?

It’d spare so many lives on both sides. We’d have to commit to helping them rebuild and reassert control, build a garrison, set up infrastructure, give them a codex, get roads planned out.

Yet it was all worth it if he could spare the lives of his soldiers.

“I agree,” Falaein said after a moment. “So long as no other has a higher rank than I, other than you, Vince, then I agree.”

Sam appeared out of nowhere and sat on his shoulder. She leaned in close and pressed her face into his ear.

“Your general and Fes want you to accept the deal,” Sam whispered. “They believe it to be the best option available so far.”

Nodding his head, Vince reached up and gave the Fae a careful pat.

“I …accept,” Vince said with tired acceptance.

“Then it’s done. We’ll have the wedding ceremony today, and reconstruction can start tomorrow,” the princess said, a smile curving her lips. “After that, we can return to your capital, and I can begin learning of our lands.”

Without another word, she happily filled her plate and began to visibly enjoy her breakfast as if nothing had just happened at all.

Vince and Falaein stared at each for a long moment, before the older man shrugged his shoulders.

Returning to his breakfast, King Falaein, now Duke Falaein, ate saying nothing more.





Epilogue



Yaris toyed with one of the figurines sitting on the giant map.

“And this is Duchess Mila?” Yaris asked, looking up at her husband.

Nodding his head, Vince pointed to Wooden Heart.

“This is their grove. We have a garrison there and we’re putting a road in between the two locations. Every Dryad that joins my grove comes first from hers,” Vince said.

Yaris nodded her head, carefully tucking a strand of hair behind her pointed ear.

“We have four dukes and our territory is rather large already. I can see why you were insistent on making sure Verix could not be a threat again. It’s a wise move, husband,” Yaris said, setting the piece back down onto Wooden Heart.

Vince frowned and looked around.

They were in the royal study, and the only other occupant at this moment was Felicity. She, however, stood as far from Yaris as possible at the very entrance of the room.

He couldn’t argue with her title for him though. He’d gone ahead and married her to placate Verix and bring them into the fold, while ensuring that they would be law abiding citizens.

The ceremony itself had been held in the temple of Verix, and had been an occasion of joy for the inhabitants of Verix.

Their war would now end, their city would grow, and being part of the kingdom of Yosemite was viewed as a good thing.

Utilizing the corps of magicians from both armies, Yaris molded them into one engineering team, and got the walls put back up before the evening of the first day.

That night had been strange for Vince. He’d taken to bed a woman he barely knew with the intent of putting a child in her. With her permission and desire.

She insisted that he occupy her bed every night the entire way back to Yosemite.

If she wasn’t pregnant by this point, Vince wondered if she ever would be.

“Husband? Where are your thoughts?” Yaris asked, her shining blue eyes boring into him.

“Ah, sorry. Wondering where this all goes next. I hadn’t really planned for what came after Verix,” Vince said truthfully.

“Ah. Yes, I imagine the emperor to the west and the Tri-lliance in the south will eventually turn their sights on us. I believe your warrior concubine and general concubine are already hard at work though to shore up the defenses of the kingdom,” said the queen of Yosemite.

She keeps insisting on calling them that.

She says it with no malice, but there isn’t any other reason to say it other than to create a distinction between herself and them.

“Yeah, they’re… yeah. The soldiers of Verix are being blended together with everyone else, and the recruits are being cycled everywhere else. Though paving that road on the return trip was a solid idea on your part,” Vince said, tapping the map between Verix and Yosemite.

A smooth stone road had been put down between the two locations. After having established the how of it, squads of engineers and soldiers set to work building roads to Denver, Vegas, and Wooden Heart as well.

Denver.

Yaris sighed and pointed to Denver, as if reading his own thoughts.

“I fear the Duke of Denver may eventually turn on us,” she said.

Vince nodded and then shook his head.

“Yeah, it’s possible, but not a problem. The Dryads themselves will probably be able to be turned to Priests of Yosemite. It’ll take a bit, but I think we can make it work. We’ll need to establish a garrison up there and populate it with a good number of them,” Vince explained.

“Where do you plan on getting all these Dryads, anyways?”

“I… make them. With the Dryads in my grove,” Vince said neutrally.

Yaris’ eyebrows rose upwards.

“I don’t think I understood when you told me you shared your bed with many. I … now understand. I also understand how you’ll be using that to your advantage for their loyalty. I approve completely. You’re quite the pleasant surprise, so far,” Yaris said, giving him a beautiful smile.

“Your highness, you have a meeting in a short while,” Felicity called out to Yaris. It could only be Yaris who she was addressing since she didn’t call Vince that.

“Ah. Yes. Thank you. I’ve made a few arrangements to meet with your inner circle. I assumed they’d be the best place to start to learn from. I’ll see you tonight, husband,” Yaris said. “Have no fear. I’ll do my best to be a good queen to you. I’ll carry my own weight. I promise.”

Closing in quickly, she pressed a chaste kiss to his cheek and then left the room with Felicity in tow.

As soon as the door closed, Vince slumped into a chair.

A minute passed before the door opened and Elysia stepped in.

“Ah, there you are, my liege,” said the High Elf. She stepped over to him quickly with a wide smile. Leaning over his chair she kissed him with a bit of hunger. Her hands came up to rest on his shoulders and dig into his clothes.

Then she pulled away and sat down in his lap.

“For what it’s worth, she actually is of the royal line. I had Blue and Green dig through her belongings. She brought with her quite a few family heirlooms that disappeared. She also… she also has a certain magical presence over other Elves,” Elysia said.

“Oh?” Vince asked, laying his arms around her hips loosely. She was definitely showing her pregnancy now. “I suppose that’s good to know.”

“It’s something we can leverage. More Elves will join us simply because she is your queen.”

Vince could only nod his head. He hadn’t had much time to talk to anyone, and he was growing worried Fes would kill someone soon.

“And before you start fretting, Fes and Petra spoke with everyone. We’re all aware, understand, and agree,” Elysia said, pressing her forehead to his.

The angle afforded him an amusing view down her dress.

“Get her pregnant, have an heir; we’ll handle everything as it comes.”

“And then what? A child with her would take precedence over all of their siblings, or so she’d have you believe,” Vince said, his voice turning bitter.

“Maybe it should,” Elysia replied evenly. “It’s not a terrible problem, you realize. You’ll have many, many children. Having a council amongst them, one representative for each of your wives, and that one sitting at the top, wouldn’t be a terrible form of government. It might actually work out rather well.

“Don’t worry over it, we’ll figure something out, my liege.”

“Mm. How’re your sisters?”

“They’re quite well. Thera seems quite pleased with how large she is. Eva feels sick more often than not. Meliae is doing what she can,” Elysia said.

Laying her head on his shoulder, she closed her eyes and snuggled in closer to him.

“Blue and Green are also doing well. They’re looking pregnant and apparently have chosen to let them be whatever they will. All of the other Dryads are pregnant with twins or triplets. The vast majority of them seem to have worked tirelessly to ensure at least one is a Dryad, too,” Elysia said.

“Mm. Any word from anywhere? Anything concerning?”

“Not really, my liege. The Gryphons are being trained and the recent generation seems much more suited to being mounts. I think we’ll have riders within the next three years.

“There’s been no formal dispatches from the empire or the Tri-lliance, though both have sent emissaries here. They’re both spies, and have spies in their entourage, but nothing we didn’t expect.”

Frowning, Vince felt like he was missing something. As if there were something that he should be doing, watching, or discussing.

“For all intents and purposes, everything is exactly the way we want it to be. At least for now,” Elysia said with a smile. “Oh! Actually there is one thing. Mila sent over another ten Dryads. You’ll need to have a night of seeding for every Dryad, new and old.”

I guess… everything really is just on hold right now. Until something changes.

Status quo.

Normal.

I mean, this can’t last. Eventually one of the warring parties will give up ground and be forced to surrender.

Then the victor will probably turn their sights on Yosemite.

Now is the time to prepare. To build up. To ready ourselves for the time that they look to us.

Because that’ll be the same time we look to them.

Vince smiled wolfishly to himself at his thoughts.

Well. As normal as it can be.

For me at least.

“If you can slip away, I’ll be in the other room with six tied up Dryads. I captured and subdued them while you were busy,” Elysia said, slipping out of his lap and leaving without another word.





Thanks for reading.



I hoped you liked Wild Wastes.

If you did, please leave a review, they really help and go a very long way.

Reviews never hurt to bring in more readers



Drop me an email at: RandiWDarren@gmail.com

Read the blog at: http://randidarren.blogspot.com/

Support me at: https://www.patreon.com/WilliamDArand (Yes, I really am)





